04:26 PM --------------------------- "George Richards" <cbpres@austin.rr.com> on 09/26/2000 01:18:45 PM Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com> <clclegal2@aol.com> STRUCTURE: Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC) general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the liability of construction. LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits is reduced. All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments, the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be non-recourse. USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering & architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over the estimated 6 month design and approval period. EARLY LAND COSTS The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees. EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not spent no interest is charged on these funds. The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000 per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at $2,000 and the land cost at $8,000 , total improved lot cost is $19,000 which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can significantly reduce the cash equity requirement. Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably $13,000 would be for improvements and $19,000 for the land cost.  The improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility standpoint. CONSTRUCTION LOANS There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative (spec) loan that is taken out prior to any pre-sales activity.  Second,  is a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the builder/developers name.  Third, is a pre-sold unit with the construction loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans in the name of the builder/developer.  We do not expect to have any construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process. Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will be from 80% to 95% of value. DISBURSEMENTS Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to 15% of the direct hard cost excluding land, financing and sales costs. These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has to perform.  For example, if CB cannot find a good trim carpenter sub, or cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership. Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track to facilitate and speed up framing, cornice, roofing and drywall spreading. REPORTING We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan. What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based reporting. BOOKKEEPING I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand. INVESTOR INPUT We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every effort to be accommodating. CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally, for vendors they are constantly shopped. PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can provide these if you are interested. I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call when you have reviewed and we can discuss further. Sincerely, George Richards President, Creekside Builders, LLC 
Lucy, done Phillip 
George, I can take a day off the week I get back from vacation.  Any day between March 5th-9th would work but Friday or Thursday would be my preference. Regarding the differences in the two estimates, I don't want to waste your time explaining the differences if the 1st forecast was very rough.  The items I listed moved dramatically.  Also, some of the questions were just clarification of what was in a number. Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow morning. Phillip 
03:57 PM --------------------------- "Jeff Smith" <jsmith@austintx.com> on 02/21/2001 01:24:15 PM Phillip, I spoke with AMF's broker today, and they will be satisfied with the deal if we can get the school to agree to limit the current land use restrictions to the terms that are in the existing agreement.  They do not want the school to come back at a later date for something different.  Doug Bell will meet with a school official on Monday to see what their thoughts are about the subject.  It would be hard for them to change the current agreement, but AMF wants something in writing to that effect.  I spoke to AMF's attorney today, and explained the situation.  They are OK with deal if AMF is satisfied. AMF's broker said that they will be ready to submit their site plan after the March 29 hearing.  We may close this deal in April. The Stage is still on go.  An assumption package has been sent to the buyer, and I have overnighted a copy of the contract and a description of the details to Wayne McCoy. I will be gone Thurs. and Fri. of this week.  I will be checking my messages. Jeff Smith The Smith Company 2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D Austin, Texas? 78746 512-732-0009 512-732-0010 fax 512-751-9728 mobile 
Lucy, Here is a rentroll for this week.  I still have questions on #28,#29, and #32. 
George, Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year. Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the investment, I feel the 65/35 is a fair split.  However, as I mentioned earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as part of the construction contract. Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look like here are a few ideas: higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder. 1 complete in November) This way if things go according to plan the final split would be 60/40, but could be as favorable as 55/45.  I realize that what is budget and schedule must be discussed and agreed upon. Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626 Phillip 
Frank, Did you receive the information about the San Marcos apartments.  I have left several messages at your office to follow up.  You mentioned that your plate was fairly full.  Are you too busy to look at this project?  As I mentioned I would be interested in speaking to you as an advisor or at least a sounding board for the key issues. Please email or call. Phillip Allen pallen@enron.com 713-853-7041 
Bob, efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award.  Patti stepped up to fill the gap left by Randy Gay's personal leave.  Patti held together the scheduling group for about 2 month's by working 7days a week during this time.  Patti was always the first one in the office during this time.  Frequently, she would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package.  All the traders came to depend on the information Patti provided.   This information has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size of the west desk positions. Phillip 
fill me in.  how can i eavesdrop?? I belong to a natgas discussion group on the internet. This is from one of the guys. Basically they are a bunch of gastraders from various firms ( a lot of producers, some industrials, some small shops and few i--banker types) I found the test to be mildly amusing. And since I had no idea what 'club no minors' was-- i was hoping for some insight from you guys. Fortunately, the lovely Ms. Shipos was able to fill me in. Anyway, while occasionally garbage, the discussions do provide insight on what others are thinking of production, storage and other such matters. And when I was a marketer, I found a few leads. Finally, since a lot of the information revolves around gossip about a particular 'super trader' at the big ENE , i find it amusing that one of the most reserved and modest individuals I know is so talked about on the internet. JF 
Scott: Congrats on some great tech analysis of late.  You've called it near perfectly over the past month. John SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/10/2000 07:04:53 AM The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com. (See attached file: ngas.pdf)(See attached file: crude.pdf) 
The attached note lists conditions that can be used to verify that a given vol skew curve does not generate arbitrage opportunities in a strip of option prices. If you have questions or want to discuss implementation, please give me a call. Bob Lee x35163 
cash goes out trading +1 to +3  j/k a piece slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:31:31 AM hey i cant get eol on my hotel int connection. cud u tell me what delta for hub cash was yest am and this am??? thanks ps also saw u in fortune magazine-back of your head. your famous dude. John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/15/2001 09:27:09 AM Fax to: so argument more switching than outright lost demand?    where are petro prices on a comparable equivalence? slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:17:02 AM enjoy cabo-im not really surpised at lack of dmand recovery-will be slow to recover esp with failing econ growth. the one thing concerns me about bear side is implied demand for us petro products is huge. doesnt seem to suggest an econmic impact on that side. having said that absulte px for petro much much lower relative to natgas 
Dear Mr. Arora: I wanted to thank you for taking the time to interview me this past Wednesday.  I enjoyed meeting you and other representatives of the company and left our interview with a much greater understanding of what drives Enron and what the company seeks in its applicants.  Your responses to my questions only confirmed my already high opinion of the company. As you know, I am a first year student at Owen concentrating in Finance and Electronic Commerce.  I graduated Summa Cum Laude from Bentley College in May of 1997 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics & Finance, and I received an Honors Certificate in Economics from the University of Cambridge in August of 1995. After graduating from Bentley, I worked for Digital Equipment Corporation as an analyst in its Financial Development Program.  Most recently, I worked as an investments analyst for Thomson Financial, where I evaluated three major business development initiatives and five acquisition proposals totaling $44 million and worked with senior management on a takeover bid for one of Thomson's key competitors.  I also performed strategic, market, and competitor analysis, and proposed ways of improving the organization's overall competitiveness.  My professional experiences working in the High Technology and Financial Information Services industries have led to a complete redefinition of my career goals.  I much prefer to be on the front lines of business, helping some of the world's most established organizations make decisions that will impact their financial future and competitive position in the market.   I am anxious to begin my career with Enron and believe that a relationship with company would prove mutually beneficial. In closing, I would like to thank you again for interviewing me in Nashville.  If you have any questions, please contact via e-mail at Ajay.Jagsi@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu or at (615) 673-0329. Have a wonderful week! Best Regards, Ajay S. Jagsi 
Miguel, EGEP extends our best wishes to you on pursuing your new assignment and expresses sincere appreciation for all of your assistance with our DealBench projects. You probably follow the DealBench activity but if you haven't watched specific details, we have observed the following activity level to date: became available) We consider the DealBench datarooms a great success.  We appreciate the insights you shared with us when we were first designing the rooms, as well as, the support  you provided with regard to our questions and problems thereafter.  You were always knowledgeable, resourceful, responsive and courteous in all of our dealings. Thanks again, Miguel.  We will miss you in the DealBench project group but will look forward to hearing about your new assignment. Sincerely, Paula 
All, There has been some concern about the lack of clarity regarding what functionality is ready for user acceptance testing in the staging environment.  To attempt to solve this problem, we have come up with a simple process that will enhance communication and will allow everyone on the team to know what functionality is in staging waiting for user acceptance signoff prior to a release to production.  Please read the attached one page document that details the proposed process.  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Zach 
Bob, Attached is the document that I sent to the ISO last month. Carl 
An update of the Summer 2001 Preparedness MIF presentation has been posted on the website. The update specifically addresses the Load Programs Schedule with clarification for the Vendor meeting and the Participant meeting. The link below will take you directly to the website. http://www.caiso.com/docs/2000/06/12/200006121229457917.html Don Fuller Director, Client Relations 916-608-7055 DFuller@caiso.com 
AM --------------------------- <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com> 12:15 GMT 15 August 2000 DJ Calif Pwr Producers Urge FERC Reject Price Cap Petition  (This article was originally published Monday)  WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--California power producers urged federal regulators Monday to reject a petition for price caps in the state, arguing that intervention in the market would be counterproductive by discouraging needed investment in new power supplies. The petition was filed Aug. 2 with the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission by San Diego Gas & Electric Co., a unit of Sempra Energy (SRE). It alleges that California's first-in-the-nation competitive power market suffers from design and structural problems.  Surging power prices plaguing the state this summer "do not reflect legitimate forces of supply and demand," SDG&E said, calling on FERC to impose across-the-board electricity price caps in California of $250 per megawatt-hour indefinitely until the market flaws are corrected.  But the power producers rejected SDG&E's analysis of the market problems as "simplistic," and called the imposition of price caps on all California power sales an unwarranted response to the power supply shortage.  "SDG&E asks the commission to take unreasonable and unprecedented action that would effectively rescind every California supplier's authority to sell energy and ancillary services at market-based rates," complained Southern Energy California, a subsidiary of Southern Co. (SO).  "A strict cap will only exacerbate the current supply shortages in California," Southern Energy and the other power suppliers argued.  "The imposition of this cap by FERC may discourage power developers from choosing to serve California markets," said Dynegy Power Marketing Inc. (DYN).  "The cap may also convince (electricity users they) need not participate in load-reduction programs, since paying the $250 price cap is cheaper than shedding load," Dynegy told the commission.  "The imposition of caps on every California market, and the increased uncertainty as to when - if ever - they might be removed, sends precisely the wrong message to potential suppliers of energy in California," Southern Energy said.  The arguments of the individual power producers in the state were echoed by the Electric Power Supply Association, the national trade group representing competitive power producers and marketers.  Imposing price caps in California's volatile electricity prices would "suffocate markets" and do nothing to address the chronic power-supply shortages causing prices to spike, EPSA told FERC. "The relief SDG&E seeks would actually prolong and intensify California's difficulties," EPSA said.  Price caps would discourage electricity imports and investment in new power plants to supply the state, while discouraging price risk management, liquidity and accurate price signals, EPSA said. FERC has already allowed the California Independent System Operator to cap the price it is willing to pay for power, which it uses to assure the grid operates properly and to make up "energy imbalances" on the system.  The ISO recently lowered its purchase price cap to $250 per megawatt-hour. The SDG&E petition asks FERC to extend that cap to the state's power exchange, or PX, which operates as a clearinghouse for wholesale power sales in California. "A PX bid cap is unnecessary because the ISO purchase price cap has historically acted as a de facto cap on the PX markets," Dynegy told FERC. -By Bryan Lee, Dow Jones Newswires; 202-862-6647; bryan.lee@dowjones.com Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc G_nther A. Pergher Senior Analyst Dow Jones & Company Inc. Tel.  609.520.7067 Fax. 609.452.3531 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
Market Participants, Yesterday at the Market Issues Forum, we presented a discussion on long-term price cap authority.  This is a matter for discussion now because the previously granted authority from FERC expires on Nov. 15, 2000.  Attached is the white paper discussing this topic.  We will seek Board approval on this matter at the September 6-7 Board meeting.  If you have comments on this paper, please forward them to Keith Casey at kcasey@caiso.com. Don Fuller Director, Client Relations >  <<DMA.Price-Cap.Aug10.final.doc>> > > 
As evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter,= =20 Enron=01,s wholesale energy businesses in North America and Europe continue= experience tremendous growth.  The opportunities to continue to grow our=20 natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical = to=20 Enron=01,s future success that we remain focused on expanding these busines= ses=20 and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets. It is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside = of=20 gas and electricity, which can make significant contributions to our earnin= gs=20 growth.  We have made significant progress in developing these businesses i= n=20 North America, Europe, and most recently in our new Net Works business unit= . =20 Included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products,= =20 coal, emissions, insurance, currency, equity trading, interest rates, credi= t=20 trading, paper and pulp, and metals. While significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to=20 accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to=20 aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in North Americ= a=20 and Europe.  In order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize = on=20 the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today= =20 announcing the formation of a new business unit =01) Enron Global Markets. = new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in= =20 scope, but outside our traditional gas and power markets.  This new core=20 business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with= =20 the North American and European businesses. Enron Global Markets will be headed by Mike McConnell, President and Chief= =20 Executive Officer, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer.  They will= =20 report to Mark Frevert who will be Chairman of Enron Global Markets.  Mark,= =20 Mike and Jeff will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron Global=20 Markets. Included in this new business unit and reporting to the Office of the=20 Chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders: - Global Crude and Products:     John Nowlan - Coal:         George McClellan - Currency, equities, interest rate and agricultural trading:  Gary Hickers= on - Insurance and weather:      Jere Overdyke Enron=01,s metals business and Enron Credit.com will remain the responsibil= ity=20 of Enron Europe. The Paper and Pulp business will continue to reside in Nor= th=20 America.=20 With the departure of Mike McConnell from Enron Net Works, we are pleased t= o=20 announce the following appointments in that business unit: - Jeff McMahon: President and Chief Operating Officer - Louise Kitchen: Chief Commercial Officer - Philippe Bibi:  Chief Technology Officer Jeff, Louise and Philippe, along with Greg Whalley,  will comprise the Offi= ce=20 of the Chairman for Enron Net Works. With Jeff Shankman=01,s departure from Enron North America=01,s natural gas= =20 operation, all of Jeff=01,s direct reports will report to John Lavorato. We are also pleased to announce the following changes to the Enron North=20 America Office of the Chairman.  John Lavorato will join the ENA Office of= =20 the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Dave Delainey will assume the rol= e=20 of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mark Frevert will retain his rol= e=20 as Chairman of Enron North America in addition to his role as Chairman of= =20 both Enron Global Markets and Enron Europe. Please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in= =20 supporting the new Enron Global Markets organisation. 
Bob, Good talking to you this am. You can send the email to the following people: rmills@calpx.com mathompson@calpx.com dabrabb@calpx.com Regards, Drew 
study to determine how we can improve our Internet site. Toward this end, we have contracted with Carta, Inc. to conduct a site study and recommend revisions for the site. Stakeholder involvement is an important part of this process.  We have prepared a Web Site Usability Survey as a part of this effort. This survey is on-line at our site. http://www.caiso.com/contact/survey.html <http://www.caiso.com/contact/survey.html> . Your feedback is vital to the success of this program. Responses will be sent directly to Carta for review and tabulation. of our site. The OASIS redesign project is a separate effort. See http://www.caiso.com/clientserv/xml/ <http://www.caiso.com/clientserv/xml/> for information on the OASIS redesign effort. Thank you for your continued support. 
This guy looks like he would be great on the services desk. But he says he is looking for a position with a company with that is a "progressive generation owner" in the WSCC, we don't fit that mold. It might be a waste of time if we don't have what he's looking for. Bob 
real time market 
Congratulations!  For an unprecedented five years in a row, Enron has been ranked the "Most Innovative Company in America" by Fortune magazine.  In addition, for the first time, Enron has also been ranked #1 in "Quality of Management," topping General Electric and Omnicom Group, and our "Employee Talent" has been ranked #2, behind Goldman Sachs and ahead of Cisco Systems.   America's most admired management team is paired with the best and brightest employee talent.  That winning combination has led to Enron's five-year "Most Innovative" sweep.  The "Most Admired" list will appear in Fortune's Feb. 21 issue, available on newsstands Feb. 8. You are the reason we have achieved such consistent recognition.  You bring the innovative ideas to Enron and create new business opportunities.  You contribute to our quality management team.  And you are the outstanding employee talent that makes Enron such an exciting and successful company. Keep up your outstanding work, and we look forward to even greater achievements in 2000! 
Enron Energy Services has created explosive growth in the retail energy=20 business.  To advance EES=01, leadership position and to rapidly expand the= =20 reach of its energy management services, the company is forming four new=20 business groups and promoting several key individuals. EES continues to see an ever-increasing demand for energy management servic= es=20 in North America, with interest coming from a growing number of customer=20 classes.  EES North America, headed by Marty Sunde, President and CEO, has= =20 been established to bring outsourcing, commodity and mid-market solutions t= o=20 industrial and commercial customers in North America.  Harold Buchanan and= =20 Jeremy Blachman have been named co-Chief Operating Officers of the group. EES Europe is responsible for energy outsourcing across Europe, as well as= =20 rapidly growing mid-market business (Enron Direct, Enron Directo) and heavy= =20 industrial business (ETOL).  Matthew Scrimshaw, President and CEO will lead= =20 this group. As EES and Enron=01,s customer base grows, world class execution capabiliti= es=20 and customer relationship management skills are required to maximize value.= =20 Global Energy Services, headed by Dan Leff, President and CEO, is being=20 established to manage execution, delivery, operations & maintenance, accoun= t=20 / customer management and contract value enhancement of Enron=01,s asset an= d=20 energy outsourcing activities worldwide.  This group will include Enron=20 Facility Services (EFS), led by Joe Earle, President & CEO and Operational= =20 Energy Corporation (OEC), led by Mark Dobler, Vice President. EES continues to see additional opportunities for business that will benefi= t=20 from the growth of its energy outsourcing business.  To manage and develop= =20 these new business opportunities, EES New Business Ventures has been=20 created.  Mark Muller, President and CEO will lead this group. All four new business leaders will report directly to EES=01, Office of the= =20 Chairman, Lou Pai, who will continue as Chairman, and Tom White, who will= =20 continue as Vice Chairman.  In addition, Kevin Hughes, Vice President and= =20 Chief Accounting Officer, Vicki Sharp, Managing Director and General Counse= l,=20 and Beth Tilney, Managing Director of Marketing, HR and Customer Satisfacti= on=20 will continue to report to the Office of the Chairman. Please join us in congratulating these individuals. 
Suzanne, in Portland, so I will be unable to attenfd any meetings in Houston. Let me know how I can help. I would like to go out there when you go. Let me know what our schedule is. Thanks. Bob Badeer 503 464 3926 
Current Notes User: REASONS FOR USING OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA) 1. Once your mailbox has been migrated from Notes to Outlook, the Outlook client will be configured on your computer. After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail via Notes, and you will not be able to start using Outlook until it is configured by the Outlook Migration team the morning after your mailbox is migrated.  During this period, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) via your web browser (Internet Explorer 5.0) to read and send mail. PLEASE NOTE:  Your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and client is configured on your desktop. 2. Remote access to your mailbox. After your Outlook client is configured, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) for remote access to your mailbox. PLEASE NOTE:  At this time, the OWA client is only accessible while connecting to the Enron network (LAN).  There are future plans to make OWA available from your home or when traveling abroad. HOW TO ACCESS OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA) Launch Internet Explorer 5.0, and in the address window type: http://nahou-msowa01p/exchange/john.doe Substitute "john.doe" with your first and last name, then click ENTER.  You will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below.  Type in "corp/your user id" for the user name and your NT password to logon to OWA and click OK.  You will now be able to view your mailbox. PLEASE NOTE:  There are some subtle differences in the functionality between the Outlook and OWA clients.  You will not be able to do many of the things in OWA that you can do in Outlook.  Below is a brief list of *some* of the functions NOT available via OWA: Features NOT available using OWA: -  Tasks -  Journal -  Spell Checker -  Offline Use -  Printing Templates -  Reminders -  Timed Delivery -  Expiration -  Outlook Rules -  Voting, Message Flags and Message Recall -  Sharing Contacts with others -  Task Delegation -  Direct Resource Booking -  Personal Distribution Lists QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS? If you have questions or concerns using the OWA client, please contact the Outlook 2000 question and answer Mailbox at: Otherwise, you may contact the Resolution Center at: Thank you, Outlook 2000 Migration Team 
Current Notes User: it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. Thank you. Outlook 2000 Migration Team Full Name: Login ID: Extension: Office Location: What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both) Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada) Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)? Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: What are your normal work hours?  From:      To: Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? 
Critical Migration Information: 1. Your scheduled Outlook Migration Date is THE EVENING OF : TUESDAY, JUNE 12th 2. You need to press the "Save My Data" button (only once) to send us your pre-migration information. 3. You must be connected to the network before you press the button. 4. If a POP-UP BOX appears, prompting you to "ABORT, CANCEL OR TRUST SIGNER" please  select TRUST SIGNER. 5. Any information you Add to your Personal Address Book, Journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re-added into Outlook after you have been migrated. 6. Clicking this button does not complete your migration to Outlook. Your migration will be completed  the evening of your migration date. Contacts, Journal and ToDo information imported into Outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information. If you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713-853-1411 
I am out of the office until Monday 11th June 2001.  If you need to contact me urgently please contact my assistant, Tracey Belbin, on 020 7783 34028. Thanks Thanks 
As you may be aware, Enron Corp. is a member of the Official Unsecured Creditors' Committee appointed in the Pacific Gas and Electric Company bankruptcy case. Michael Tribolet with the Risk Assessment and Control Group is Enron's designated representative on the committee and he is being assisted by Lisa Mellencamp in the Enron North America Corp. legal group. Please be advised that they will be restricted from disclosing certain of the information that they receive. Attached are Ethical Wall Procedures regarding confidential information that Enron may receive as a member of the committee. It is important that you read the procedures promptly, print the Employee Certification attached and sign and return the Employee Certification to the Compliance Department as directed. 
Hello, Here is a spreadsheet from the confirmations group of all financial trades between ENA and this entity that have ever been entered into. Let me know what you think. brant 
Garner and Glenn for T.D. ? 
i told you so! Celeste Roberts 06/30/2000 06:35 PM If you are currently an analyst in a commercial rotation, then you are eligible for promotion to a third year analyst.  After you have completed your third year, then you are eligible for promotion to a commercial associate.  These guidelines were effective on 6/1/2000.  The conversation that you and I had was prior to these changes.   Effective 6/1/2000, the Office of the Chairman has made it very clear that we are to adhere to these promotion guidelines going forward. Celeste Roberts Celeste, I am writing to get some clarification on how the recent changes to the program affect my eligibility for promotion.  At the end of last year you informed me that I was not eligible for promotion to associate until the mid year review (my 2 year anniversary).  It was my impression that the only reason that I was held back from promotion into the associate program was tenure.  Now, after reading the memo, it seems as if I will not be eligible for promotion to associate until I complete 3 years in the program. I am wondering if I am still eligible for promotion to associate during this PRC? Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter. Eric Bass x3-0977 
Everything is working. Thanks for the help. Eric Julie Pechersky 03/17/2000 07:45 AM Eric: You should now have access to CQG.  To install CQG choose Start, Programs, Trading, CQG Local Install.  After the application has installed you will choose Start, Programs, Trading, CQG to access.  No password is necessary, find your name in the drop down menu and choose login. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Julie 
Please rebook to Duke Energy Trading and Marketing. Thanks Lesli 
"Larry W. Bass" <lwbthemarine@bigplanet.com> on 11/13/2000 03:09:04 PM <jason.bass2@compaq.com>, eric preston bass <Eric.Bass@enron.com> ? 
Brian T. Hoskins Enron Broadband Services 713-853-0380 (office) 713-412-3667 (mobile) 713-646-5745 (fax) Brian_Hoskins@enron.net > For a laugh follow these directions >  >1. Dial Deutsche Bank/National Discount Brokers at 800-888-3999 (toll >  > > free) >  > > 2. Listen to all of the options. >  > > 3. After hearing the 7th option, hit 7. >  > > >  > > Every company should have an Option 7. > 
yep Bryan Hull 10/02/2000 10:36 AM Will you bring your jersey so your sub can wear it? our football game is at 7 - sorry Bryan Hull 10/02/2000 10:19 AM Walters/HOU/ECT@ECT, O'Neal D Winfree/HOU/ECT@ECT, Matthew Lenhart/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Denver Plachy/NA/Enron@Enron, Jody Crook/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Patrick Ryder/NA/Enron@Enron Our game is at 7:00 this week, Let me know if you will be there or not. 
i was looking at brio vista and jeffreys - i was thinking jeffreys but let me know I was thinking we would have an "organized dinner" on Friday and catch something on the way back from the game on Saturday (since it is late). Let me know -e "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com> on 09/19/2000 09:46:48 AM Please respond to "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com> I will make reservations for dinner today. I sent Dad the info on restaurants yesterday but I forgot to ask him which one to reserve.  There is one near the hotel -Brio Vista - and two downtown - Jeffrey's and Louis 106.  I'll talk to him and get back with you.  Dinner Friday night, correct. Are we on our own Saturday?  LU-M Sent: Tuesday, September 19, 2000 9:33 AM > > that is fine, as long as you know how to find it.  did you make > reservations for dinner yet? > > > > > > > "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com> on 09/19/2000 09:33:09 AM > > Please respond to "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com> > > To:   Eric.Bass@enron.com > cc: > Subject:  Re: UT game > > > Hi Eric, > > Dad suggested that we meet at the hotel on Friday and stop at Katy Mills on > the way home on Sunday.  What do you think?  Let me know what time you > expect to arrive in Austin.  You will probably get there before us so just > leave a message at the desk or call us on the car phone.  Have a great day. > We look foward to spending the weekend with you and Shanna.  LU-M > ----- Original Message ----- > From: <Eric.Bass@enron.com> > To: <daphneco64@bigplanet.com>; <lwbthemarine@bigplanet.com> > Cc: <Jason.Bass2@COMPAQ.com> > Sent: Tuesday, September 12, 2000 9:32 AM > Subject: UT game > > > > I just though you would be interested in knowing that the UT game that > you > > are going to will be at 6 pm. > > > > http://www.texassports.com/fbo/fbc/2000schedule.html > > > > > > > > > 
> 
AM --------------------------- Michael Jacobson@ENRON 12/01/2000 09:03 AM Sorry about that, here it is for real this time. 
Great talking with you. ? See you, the other guys and Mr. Jack Daniels next  week, I hope-- ? Bobette ? ? Bobette  Riner??????????????????????????????? Senior Power Markets Analyst?????? TradersNews Energy 713/647-8690 FAX: 713/647-7552 cell:  832/428-7008 bobette.riner@ipgdirect.com http://www.tradersnewspower.com ? ? 
PM --------------------------- Lorenz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Terri Clynes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Doug Sewell/Enron@EnronXGate, Edward D Baughman/Enron@EnronXGate, Jason Choate/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Corry Bentley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeff King/Corp/Enron@Enron 11:41 AM --------------------------- Greg Wolfe 03/14/2001 11:27 AM You probably already have this - not sure why it came to me. Don't know who this should go to. March 14, 2001 SUBJECT:  AUTHORIZED POWER MARKETING PERSONNEL OF MANITOBA HYDRO For the past three years, Minnesota Power-MPEX has been providing real time power trading services for Manitoba Hydro.  The original goals of the arrangement between Manitoba Hydro and MPEX have been reached and Manitoba Hydro personnel will re-assume all power trading responsibilities effective March 18, 2001 at 00:00:00. Attached is an updated list of Manitoba Hydro's authorized power marketers and power traders. This list will remain in effect until further notice. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (204) 474-3806.  To update our files, we would also appreciate receiving a copy of your most recent list of authorized power marketing contacts. Sincerely, David Cormie Manager, Energy Supply & Sales The following Manitoba Hydro employees are authorized to negotiate and transact electric energy purchases and sales for Manitoba Hydro. Manager, Export Power Marketing, (Long Term Transactions > 6 months): Lloyd Kuczek lkuczek@hydro.mb.ca     Bus: (204) 474-4503 Manager, Energy Supply and Sales, (Short Term Transactions < 6 months): David Cormie adcormie@hydro.mb.ca Bus: (204) 474-3806 Power Trading Office: Power Trading Supervisor: Denise Mortimer dmortimer@hydro.mb.ca Bus: (204) 474-4346 Day Ahead Traders: Rudy Spack      rwspack@hydro.mb.ca Bus: (204) 474-4681 Glen Mathews gmathews@hydro.mb.ca Bus: (204) 474-4317 Real Time Traders:   Bus: (204) 474-4616 Kelly Bertholet kwbertholet@hydro.mb.ca Ryan Hehn rbhehn@hydro.mb.ca Cheryl Kumhyr cdkumhyr@hydro.mb.ca Ron Warcimaga rlwarcimaga@hydro.mb.ca Garry Yonda     gayonda@hydro.mb.ca System Control Centre: (Emergency Conditions)                 Fax: (204) 487-5419 System Operating Shift Superintendent      (204) 487-5501 System Operating Shift Supervisor      (204) 487-5503 Generation System Operator       (204) 487-5502 Mailing Address: 820 Taylor Avenue P.O. Box 815 Winnipeg, Manitoba R3C 2P4 
PM --------------------------- Jon Paul Lewis 03/21/2001 09:01 AM Kayne, We are still having problems in the morning with the Hourly books not being flat.  Could you please talk to the guys again and stress the importance of flattening the books.  We are having to run our reports multiple times which causes us to spend most of our morning dealing with these issues.  Again, I think the guys need to know that we have a 12 pm deadline.  If we are late, our group gets written up and we have to report why we were late. Thanks for you help. J.P. 
Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2001 2:24 PM Barrington (E-mail); Dustin Howell (E-mail); Gary Peters (E-mail); George Dawson; Gloria Scott; Joe Ebert (E-mail); Kurt Jones; Marc Kuck (E-mail); Mark Carreon (E-mail); Mike Smalley (E-mail); Mindy Martin (E-mail); Nick Alexander (E-mail); Randal Kirby (E-mail); Rebecca L. Foshee (E-mail); Robert Schoenberg (E-mail); Scott Crow (E-mail); Stacy Abel (E-mail); Tammy Stewart (E-mail); Trish Poncik; Waverly Johnson; Willie Childers John Aaron Chief Engineer Taper-Lok USA www.taper-lok.com Gig'em Ag's Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2001 2:06 PM 03/27/2001 02:06 PM --------------------------- CHRIS YOUNG 03/27/2001 01:54 PM LINDBLADE/SOFEC/ETEG/FMC/US@FMC, WATTS/SOFEC/ETEG/FMC/US@FMC, > > > RANDY JOHNSON TAKES OUT A DOVE WITH A FAST BALL.--------- UNREAL HUH? > (See attached file: dove_vs_unit1v.avi) 
AM --------------------------- Patrick Hanse 04/25/2001 08:33 AM I will be using a  VACATION day on  Monday (4/30).  Please utilize my Discretionary holiday if it is still available. 
Cory, Still  finding discrepancies Cin schedules, - or finding duplicate schedules-ERCOT this weekend.   Overall,   acuracy is improving, however still seeing schedules missing from time to time which  is taking us longer than usual to finish checkouts . thanks for your attention JOE 
I want to thank all of you for taking the time to meet with me about the hourly desk trading position.  Unfortunately, I have to withdraw my name from consideration.  I have accepted a position working on the Texas Gas Trading desk. Thanks, Bryan Hull EnronOnline 713-853-9195 
Itinerary for Sally Beck Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholars Dinner September 7, 2000 Thur, Sept. 7 Southwest Flt. WN 2113  =20 Dinner:   Meet Rick Causey in Driskill Lobby at 6:30 PM Cocktails: 7:00 =01) 7:30 PM Hotel:   The Driskill Fri, Sept. 8  Southwest Flt WN 599 
Reference for future months. Adams/HOU/ECT@ECT, Gretel Smith/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kelly Templeton/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Stella L Ely/HOU/ECT@ECT Sally, Gary, I would like the following vacation time off: Monday, Jan 10th (changed from Jan 11th) February 21-25 March 15 - 17 Thanks. Sheila 
I will meet with Kim this afternoon on her comments on ConfirmLogic.  Bottom line, no sign off from Kim at this point.  Thought you might want to know. --Sally I wanted to give you a quick update on ConfirmLogic.... Testing was done last week on the ConfirmLogic module.  On Thursday, we discussed with Kathryn Cordes and the ConfirmLogic IT team the items that we had found that were "show stoppers" as far as releasing the product for Beta Testing.  Some of the major Items found were the inability to properly handle Basis Swaps for Gas and inability to display meaningful Index References for Power (they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the Index). The team worked on the "fixes" and migrated the code last night.  Today during testing, they found that the new code had actually caused problems with the fixed price and volume information, which was working previously.  I talked to Kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code.  She said that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine.  We plan more testing in the morning. They are doing a high-level demo this Thursday for Beta Customers just to introduce the module.  They were planning on having more extensive Beta demos for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to postponed further. We have told them that we would not sign off for Beta testing until we were comfortable that the items that we identified were working.  We need consistent, stable days of testing before I will feel comfortable. Overall, we like the "new" streamlined version of the screens and feel that it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues. Call with any questions. Kim Theriot 
Thanks for your nice note.  I do hope that everyone on my team sees the promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform.  All that should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job easier and more fun! I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back in the office next Monday.  Have a good week.  ---Sally Thomas D Gros@ENRON 01/16/2001 08:38 AM Congratulations on your promotion to MD! In addition to being a great personal achievement,  your promotion helps to raise the awareness of the importance of the tasks performed by you and your team. I look forward to speaking with you upon your return from Europe. All the best, 
Here it is! FYI 01:47 PM --------------------------- Reeves/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stacey W White/HOU/ECT@ECT, Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michelle Bruce/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Earnest/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael E Moscoso/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brenda F Herod/HOU/ECT@ECT, James New/LON/ECT@ECT, Andrew Cornfield/LON/ECT@ECT, Kim S Theriot/HOU/ECT@ECT, William S Bradford/HOU/ECT@ECT The attached file represents deals booked to New Counterparty as of close of business, December 8. In order to correctly report and manage credit exposure, these deals need to be rebooked to reflect the actual counterparty on the transaction. can rebook the deals to the proper counterparty, or call me at X35856 if you have questions. Thanks, Debbie 
The Jedi swap VaR was moved from non-trading securities to trading securities. Regards, Eugenio 
The approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures in excess of $5,000 has enabled ENA to better assess the business value of events, accurately track our activities and save money.  These events include customer and employee meetings, and trade shows. ENA has made some modifications to the process, which are described in this memo. The $5,000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events.  However, the threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to $2,000, and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval. Please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and events, so we can continue to successfully manage these events. 1) Prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors, all customer events with anticipated costs in excess of $5,000, and all employee events with anticipated costs in excess of $2,000 must be reviewed by the ENA Public Relations (PR) department and approved by the ENA Office of the Chairman 2) The PR department will handle the site search and hotel contract negotiations for all such events.  Once this is completed, the PR department will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety; or they can provide as much or as little assistance as you require. The PR department will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program and ENA. 3) A completed expenditure request form (see attached) and supporting documentation is required for each event.  Employee meetings require a detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval.  Please submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the PR department at EB 3642, or work with PR department employees to complete the form. 4) After PR review, the expenditure will be submitted to the ENA Office of the Chairman for final approval. Additionally, the PR department can assist in the procurement of tickets for various local sporting events and concerts. If you have any questions regarding this process, would like assistance planning an event, or need tickets for a Houston event, please contact Dorie Hitchcock in the PR department at (713) 853-6978. Thank you for your cooperation. 
Version 2.0 of the ClickAtHome Portal is now available! Access the PEP System through the portal! privacy of your home! Outlook Web Access and eHRonline will be available SOON! The ClickAtHome portal is fully customizable for you! Note: the ClickAtHome portal must be launched through an Internet Explorer browser, 5.0 or higher. 
eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training ADVANCED This session will cover advanced searching tips.  It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.  Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Advanced Clinic: May. 18     8:30 - 10:00 AM    EB572 PUBLIC RECORDS Lexis-Nexis is the premier provider of public record information.  We will learn about materials available to you including Secretary of State Filings and DBA's, UCC filings, Bankruptcies, and Property Records.  If you are doing due diligence on companies, especially smaller ones, this is a session you will want to attend. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Public Records Clinic: May. 18    10:30 AM -12:00 NOON      EB572 Seats fill up fast! To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Cost $25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged $50.00 * Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password. If you don't have one, a guest ID will be provided. Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations. http://esource.enron.com 
Houston Ballet gives free performances of Copp,lia at Miller Outdoor Theatre in Hermann Park 8:00 p.m. Friday May 11, Saturday May 12, & Sunday May 13, 2001 sponsored by AZURIX and ENRON Considered the great comedy of classical ballet, Copp,lia  tells the story of a doll so enchantingly lifelike that she mesmerizes an entire village, captures the heart of a young swain named Franz and inspires the eccentric toymaker Dr. Copp,lius to attempt to transform her into a living, breathing human being. AZURIX and ENRON are Corporate Sponsors for Houston Ballet's Miller Theatre performances, helping to present these free performances of Copp,lia to the people of Houston.  Houston Ballet has a limited number of tickets for the seated area each night for employees of AZURIX and ENRON.  These tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis by calling William at 713-535-3235 no later than 5 PM today .  (Please be aware that all unoccupied seats are released at 10 minutes before curtain.) Other, free, general public tickets for the seated area (max 4 per person) are available at the Miller Theatre 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. on the day of performance; for more information call 713-284-8351 for the Miller Theatre ticket information line.  Tickets are not required for the lawn area. About Coppelia Copp,lia was first performed on May 25, 1870 at the Th,atre Imp,rial de L'Op,ra, featuring choreography by Arthur Saint-L,on and music by L,o Delibes. The work maintains a special place in the history of dance, serving as a kind of bridge from the glory of the French Romantic ballet in the early nineteenth century to the masterpieces of the Russian Imperial Theater at the turn of the century. Writing in The International Dictionary of Ballet, critic Karen Dacko analyzes the unique characteristics of the piece as follows: "Copp,lia owes its longevity to its inspired, very danceable score. But the ballet is also remarkable for its perennial appeal and for its historical significance as Romanticism's grand finale and classical ballet's prologue." Copp,lia first entered Houston Ballet' repertoire in October 1974, in a staging by Frederic Franklin (who also performed the role of Dr. Copp,lius), and featuring scenery by Peter Farmer. In November 1979, former Royal Ballet ballerina Anne Heaton re-staged the work for the company. When Houston Ballet premiered its new production of the work in March 1992 featuring breathtaking d,cor by Desmond Heeley, Carl Cunningham of The Houston Post wrote, "It would be hard to imagine anything to cap the joyous, gentle, and glorious looking new production of Copp,lia the splendidly prepared company of dancers and musicians put forth Thursday evening on Wortham Center's Brown Theater stage."    (The Houston Post, March 21, 1992) Heeley's designs for Copp,lia never fail to enchant, most notably in the second-act depiction of Dr. Copp,lius's workshop. The sampling of dolls on display pay homage to the era when automatons, or mechanical toys, were the rage in Europe -- and to Heeley's inexhaustible creativity. Among the eye-popping toys featured in  the workshop are a huge astrologer with a pointed hat and a robe covered in shooting stars and moons; a strongman with a handlebar mustache and barbells; Puss n Boots; an acrobat hanging from a trapeze holding the man in the moon; and a small ballerina dancing on the back of a goat. In the first act, the vibrant reds, golds, and oranges of the costumes worn by the peasants in the village conjure up a wonderfully picturesque vision of nineteenth century Bavaria. 
In this issue: ?- Blackouts...Has the Summer Arrived? ?- Additional plants continue to be announced throughout the U.S. ?- All the news, commentary, and earnings reports, plus price performance and valuation charts. ? ?Best regards, ?Cary, Steve and Peter Noriko Miyagi Reed Wasden &Associates 11120 NE 2nd Street Bellevue, WA 98004 (T) 425-467-1110 
We're trying to get a head count for the  TradersNews Index (TNI) Users?Meeting/Happy Hour TOMORROW, May 15, from  3-5 p.m. at Farrago, near downtown Houston. Come join other utilities and  marketers who've done or plan to do ?financial swaps or index trades off  the TNI hourly, daily or term instruments. We'll have a brief presentation, and?identify arenas for you to conduct the swaps -- including online platforms, instant messaging and?forums. Hit reply to be included on  the guest list. Directions to the?restaurant,?at 318 Gray  (713/523-6404), are at http://www.farrago.tv/farrago.htm.  Click?on the flag icon. We hope to see you  there! Bobette Bobette Riner Director, Traders News  Indexes TradersNews Energy 713/647-8690 FAX: 713/647-7552 cell:  832/428-7008 bobette.riner@ipgdirect.com http://www.tradersnewsenergy.com 
Hi All, As of today, MetaStock has several new functions. The most important new feature is the ability to display forward HEAT RATE charts. Also, notice that the interface looks different -- this reflects and accommodates the new features. The help files (on the left of the applet) fully describe and explain all the changes and additions to the program. If you have any questions regarding this new version of MetaStock, please contact Anna Santucci (x. 34225) for user questions or Mark Symms (x. 33105) for technical questions. And, of course, you can ask these questions once you log into the MegaWatt Station (the virtual one). 
The Federal Appeals Court ruling in the litigation over the EPA's Section 126 NOx Rule was just released.  From a quick scan it looks like the  court mostly upheld the EPA positions, and the Rule will go forward as planned (impelmentation May 2003). However, there are a few things remanded to the EPA for review and it's possible this along with the delay associated with these remands could cause a delay in implementation.  I'm also picking up from EPA sources that there may be an effort underway to examine EPA's legal options for synchronizing the 126 and NOx SIP implementation dates to summer 2004. I am reviewing the ruling in more detail and will have more detailed analysis to you shortly. Jeff PS  Here's a link to the full ruling if any of you aspiring lawyers want to take a look yourself.... http://pacer.cadc.uscourts.gov/common/opinions/200105/99-1200a.txt Jeffrey Keeler Director, Environmental Strategies Enron Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157 Cell Phone (203) 464-1541 
George, 
Your not here for me to talk to so I thought I would vent through E_MAil. Jon it is 9:10 in the morning Thursday and Tom is the ONLY Gulf Amerex broker in again.  And I am so challenged that i could scream.   You guys need to get your shit together or throw in the towel.  It is certainly all of you guys business, but you have no idea how it affects mine.  You used the excuse about APB and the Derby, well APB has some customers in town today  and they have a full shop this morning.  And they plan to have 75% in tomorrow.  And Amerex is having 0% in on Friday.(because of APB's Derby)  are you getting the picture?  I love you, but I am getting very tired of defending you guys, you all make it harder and harder. 
I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do. About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful 
11:16 AM --------------------------- "kennethbrawner" <kennethbrawner@email.msn.com> on 02/08/2001 09:08:18 AM Sam,  use these pics.  Have a good day. 
02:53 PM --------------------------- "Pamela Anderson" <pama9@flash.net> on 01/17/2001 01:59:09 PM Sandra, I think you will enjoy this one.  I can see you giggling right now. Pam Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2001 12:54 PM > > ----- Original Message ----- > From: "Steve Tietjen" <stasports@mindspring.com> > To: "Abbey Lynch" <klynch@flyfrontier.com>; "Brenda & Don Ott" > <b&dott@onemain.com>; "Cal & Lisa" <tacoma@iws.net>; "Debbie Kerinke" > <dkerinke@ddrcco.com>; "Diane JENSEN" <dejensen@qwest.net>; "Ed & Jan > Boykin" <edjanboykin@aol.com>; "Frank Stasko" <fstasko@4dvision.net>; "Kelly > Lynch" <klynch@flyfrontier.com>; "Kenney Turnbaugh" <xbananasx@hotmail.com>; > "Leslie Freedman" <lafreedman@uswest.com>; "Marty Scott" > <user21275@uswest.net>; "Sandee DeVore" <sandraDV@aol.com>; "Steve Wilbur" > <swejon@uswest.net>; "Sue" <sue@mbainsurance.net>; "Terry Lackey" > <twlackey@aol.com> > Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2001 11:20 AM > Subject: FW: IT'S GOOD TO BE A MAN > > > > > > > > > IT'S GOOD TO BE A MAN > > > > > > >Your last name stays put. > > > > >The garage is all yours. > > > > >Wedding plans take care of themselves. > > > > >Chocolate is just another snack. > > > > >You can be president. > > > > >You can wear a white T-shirt to a water park. > > > > >Car mechanics tell you the truth. > > > > >You don't give a rat's ass if someone notices your new haircut. > > > > >Same work...more pay. > > > > >Wrinkles add character. > > > > >Wedding Dress $5,000; Tux rental $100. > > > > >People never stare at your chest when you're talking to them. > > > > >New shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your feet. > > > > >One mood, ALL the damn time. > > > > >A five-day vacation requires only one suitcase. > > > > >You can open all your own jars. > > > > >You can kill your own food. > > > > >You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness. > > > > >Your underwear is $8.95 for a three-pack. > > > > >Three pairs of shoes are more than enough. > > > > >You can drop by to see a friend without having to bring a little > gift. > > > > >If another guy shows up at the party in the same outfit, you just > might > > > > >become lifelong friends. > > > > >You are not expected to know the names of more than five colors. > > > > >You don't have to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a > bolt. > > > > >You almost never have strap problems in public. > > > > >You are unable to see wrinkles in your clothes. > > > > >The same hairstyle lasts for years, maybe decades. > > > > >You don't have to shave below your neck. > > > > >One wallet and one pair of shoes, one color, all seasons. > > > > >You can "do" your nails with a pocketknife. > > > > >You have freedom of choice concerning growing a mustache. > > > > >Christmas shopping can be accomplished for 25 relatives on December > > > > >24th, in 45 minutes. > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > - > > > > 
you have been busy haven't you, rick 
FYI.  J Nowlan said he followed up with a call to Henkka and was left fairly confused as to why he suggested K Beasley and G Novokovic should not be involved.  Ted, pass on to Sally et al as you see fit. Steve W Young 24/01/2000 16:12 Nigel: FYI.  I suggested J Nowlan speak with you directly about this as he has since spoken with Henkka. 21/01/2000 09:52 Good Morning, I spoke with Ilkka yesterday (prior to Robert Quick prohibiting to speak to him.)  He asked me to deliver to John Nowlan the following message: Regarding the Vneshtoprom case, if he is let to, he is willing to come to work solely to try to sort out Vneshtoprom's debt to Enron. He thinks that in a month he has either been able to get Vneshtoprom pay back the prepayment money or at least gotten an original signed statement from them that how big the debt is and a schedule to return the money.  After the job is done he would then leave the company with whatever terms and conditions you guys would then sort out between yourselves. If he is let to try to sort out the Vneshtopron debt, he wants to do it without Kevin Beasley's or Goran Novokovic's help. The feeling I got was that he is ready to negotiate this thing as quckly as possible to an end. I hope I have been able to summarize his thoughts in that way that you would at least have a conversation with him. I think his orders are at the moment to sit home and wait for Kevin's call. The way I personally see the Vneshtoprom case is that without Ilkka's help there is nobody who can do anything to help Enron get any money back. Whatever happened last friday in Moscow, whatever accusations where made by Vneshtoprom, I personally feel that the only reason for all that was to get Ilkka out of the picture. rgds Henkka Talvitie 
???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick FYI Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2001 7:10 PM Mark; Bradford, William PM --------------------------- Sent by: Carol Moffett We are pleased to announce that Harold Buchanan will attend MIT Sloan School Executive MBA Program.  Harold and his family will leave for Boston in April.  In the meantime, he will work on special projects for EES and Marty Sunde will be assume leadership of Harold's organization until a replacement for Harold is found. Please join us in congratulating Harold and in wishing him and his family the very best of luck in New England.  We look forward to his return to Enron in 2002. 
What conference? Rick 
Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick 
How is progress on this? Rick 
Dear Market Participants, Please note the changes below are planned for the indicated OASIS/MIS/CSS systems on the dates shown.  Updates and revisions will follow as needed to keep you informed. Please direct any questions or comments back to me. Thank you, Pete Morrison Customer Relations 518-356-6060 ################################################################## Scheduled for 12/13/00 Change type - Enhancement Description: The Billing system will be corrected to use external zonal prices for the calculation of external load transactions. The SPIDER power system model will be updated to reflect physical changes to the electric system. The Manual Dispatch System (MDS) will be modified to reflect the recent transfer in ownership of Indian point 3; the DNI values for that unit will be included in the DNI calculation for ConEd ?s region (previously scheduled for 12/6/00). FKOI-4RLQ5U; JCWG-4RBSEJ; MGUE-4RPMKN ################################################################## 
Dear Amazon Music Customer, As someone who's bought music gifts from us in the past, you might like to know about our box sets special. From now until December 18, every box set in our Music store (that's thousands of them) will be on sale at prices up to 30% off the list price. Box sets make a great gift for music lovers, but with so many titles to choose from, it isn't easy to know what to buy. That's where we can help. To help you sift through the many choices, we've created a list of our most popular box sets. Featuring artists like The Eagles, Elton John, Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley, Miles Davis, and others, it's a pretty impressive list--and, at up to 30% off, the prices can't be beat. To view our top boxes, follow the link below: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/feature/-/125730/ If you don't find what you're looking for on this list, don't worry. We've got an entire Box Sets Store packed with thousands of box sets in every style of music. (If you come across a box set you just have to have for yourself, we won't tell.) To check out our Box Sets Store, follow the link below: http://www.amazon.com/boxset/ Hope you take advantage of our box sets special (remember, it only lasts until December 18). Happy holidays, Andy Bartlett Senior Editor, Music Amazon.com PS: We hope you enjoyed receiving this message. However, if you'd rather not receive future e-mails of this sort from Amazon.com, please use the link below or click the Your Account button in the top right corner of any page. Under the Your Account Settings heading, click the "Update your communication preferences" link. http://www.amazon.com/your-account/ Please note that this message was sent to the following e-mail address: lcampbel@enron.com 
09:37 AM --------------------------- "Karen Van Pelt" <kvanpelt@flash.net> on 09/23/2000 10:33:44 AM <angel.backes@la-z-boy.com>, "Annette Brandes" <speech25@aol.com>, "Benjamin Hogan" <muslstang@aol.com>, "Bill Van Pelt" <WVanpelt@aol.com>, "Cathy Webb" <tulsama@worldnet.att.net>, "Cathy Webb (@school)" <Webbca@TulsaSchools.org>, "Cheryl G." <revayg@yahoo.com>, "Darrell Hickman" <ashddh@aol.com>, "Dave Welch" <Welch_Dave@provalue.net>, "Dennis Umeno" <umenos@gte.net>, "Gail Van Pelt" <gmcvp1@aol.com>, "Jane Ku" <Janeku@ix.netcom.com>, "Jill Danker" <ljdanker@hotmail.com>, "Julie & Matt" <MBoyce4961@aol.com>, "Larry F Campbell" <Larry_F_Campbell@enron.com>, "Lesli and Ramzy" <LSabbara@aol.com>, "Matt Tedrow" <mtedrow99@hotmail.com>, "Michael Campbell" <physics123@yahoo.com>, "Mike Van Pelt" <kingvp@aol.com>, "Mitch Webb" <tulsadad@att.net>, "Natasha Pryse" <npryse@hotmail.com>, "Neely Shaw" <neelyshaw@aol.com>, "Rachelle Bennett" <thefoxs@flash.net>, "Scott Lanehart" <Scottlanehart@hotmail.com>, "Sumit Patel" <stp19992000@yahoo.com>, "Tim Campbell" <a_marine@bellsouth.net>, "Tonishia Van Pelt" <vpsuny@aol.com>, "Veronica Dare" <veronica-dare@usa.net> ? 
Were able to convince the air board yesterday that the testing done to the #4 heater should be thrown out due to procedures not followed. The other company did not do the sampling at the correct elevation in the stack,as well as problems found with the calibrations of his equipment. The air board agreed to disregard all testing done by the first company. We completed the testing on the #4 heater late yesterday, using Aeros, and passed without a problem. We were going to also test the #2 heater yesterday, but the air board requested we wait until next week as we were getting a late start. There were not going to be any additional fines for the delayed testing due to it was at the air board's request. I will let you know how next week goes. Thanks again for the help. Kendrick/OTS/Enron@Enron, Butch Russell/ET&S/Enron@Enron, John Shafer/OTS/Enron@Enron, Louis Soldano/ET&S/Enron@Enron Rick, how did the AEROS emissions testing go with the heater? 
02/14/2001 07:37 AM --------------------------- "John J. Mcilvoy" <john.mcilvoy@rolls-royceesi.com> on 02/13/2001 06:04:54 PM Arnold Your people can talk to John March in Mt Vernon at 740-393 8391 on the emissions. John McIlvoy 
Larry, Attached is the nomination form used by KeySpan of New York.  If you have any difficulty opening this Excel file, please call me. Thanks, Anne (718) 403-2981 P.S.  Don't re-fax this to me for this month, but if you should have any contract changes during the month, please use this form. Thanks again, Anne 
The final window for making your 2001 benefits elections or changes ends=20 11/15 at 5 pm.  If you do not elect to make any changes, your 2000 health= =20 benefit elections will rollover for 2001. If you still need to make changes, logon to www.enron.benefitsnow.com or ca= ll=20 1-800-425-5864.  You will need your PIN number that is printed on your=20 personal worksheet to access the web and hotline. =20 If you have any questions, please call the Benefits Dept. directly at x3797= 9,=20 option 1, or Anne Labbe=01, at x57809. =09 =09 
Hi Larry, Since it's been a month since we emailed you our list of recommendations, we wanted to check back with you and see if there is anything we can do to help you with your diamond buying decision? Our goal is to help you make an informed decision that you will be happy with for years to come.  Remember, since we don't own these stones, we are your personal diamonds consultants who will work to find the very best diamond for you at a great price. If you have any questions about diamonds or the diamond buying process please give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.  We take calls until about 9:00 p.m. EST since we are dealing with customers and suppliers on the West Coast.  We find that serious diamond buyers always want to call and visit with us so that we can better understand your needs and answer any of your questions.  Email works great for shopping, but the telephone is the better way to conduct business for such an important purchase. Looking forward to hearing from you soon! P.S. If you have already purchased, please let us know in a reply to this message so we will know not to send any more follow up messages. Denny Reinke - Vice President Diamond Source of Virginia, Inc. http://www.DSOURCEVA.com Phone:   804-360-7428 Fax:   804-360-1532 
12:09 PM --------------------------- "Heather Hill" <hhill@houston.rr.com> on 10/24/2000 08:21:38 AM Sent: Monday, October 23, 2000 2:36 PM > > > > >From: "Jan Klinger" <jklinger73@hotmail.com> > >To: nanette_ramsey@hotmail.com > >Subject: Again! > >Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2000 18:19:34 GMT > > > > _________________________________________________________________________ > Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com. > > Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at > http://profiles.msn.com. > 
Oh yea!!  what is up/////  Are you going back to Manhattan for PIG??  I hear Kalberg is going to streak aggievile, lose his glasses, puke on himself, then piss in his bed! Anyway,,, I was just out your way snowboarding in beaver Creek.... it was awesome! Where is Besch at anyway,,,, did he move or something?? 
twanda, would you please print the email and the attachment for my review? Thanks.  mhc Hi Pam, Attached is an updated copy of the AESOP Program Participation Grid.  Felecia forwarded the voicemail to me from Melissa Laing.  She confirmed Nowa Sarznya and Trakya Elektrik's participation, but she did not confirm Enron's percent of ownership or whether they were consolidated or unconsolidated.  I also need information on Torpy Limited (EES) and Enron Energy Services Company Limited.  These  two companies were not listed in Secretariat.  I am still awaiting information from Belinda McGaughy on the Wind and Zond Companies. Do you want me to contact them again or will you handle it?  Please advise. Thanks -- LaQuitta 
Here are the schedules.  MHC AM --------------------------- Karen E Jones 10/09/2000 07:35 PM Coker/Corp/Enron@Enron, Dean Russell/SF/ECT@ECT Sheila Tweed/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stuart Zisman/HOU/ECT@ECT Attached for your review and input are initial cuts at the schedules for the draft P & S Agreement that we will be discussing on our call tomorrow morning.  You'll see that in many places the drafts are simply placeholders for information that some of you will need to provide, but hopefully they provide a useful starting point.  I  cannot overstate the importance of the schedules.  They have a direct impact upon the representations that ENA will be making to a potential purchaser and any errors in the schedules can result in serious financial liability for the company. We need to have our schedules for Pastoria ready for posting on DealBench by the end of this week. Thanks for your continued efforts.  I look forward to talking with you tomorrow. 
Mark, The pay equity issue sounds like the reviews we do every year to ensure that people are being paid equitably.  Given that the company has until November of next year to get in compliance and to report out on the compliance issue, it should be no big deal -- unless there currently are pay inequities.  A list of persons in each job, with salary and gender, could allow us to determine whether an issue even exists. Michelle Mark Greenberg@ENRON 12/07/2000 09:08 PM Junqueira/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dolores Lenfest/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON Christopher - Based upon your memo and our due diligence effort to date, is there any indication of (a) any steps Daishowa has taken to put the committee required under the Pay Equity Act or (b) any increase in compensation that would be consistent with the Pay Equity Act and therefore enable Daishowa to dispense with the need for a committee?  Is there any way to currently assess what potential liabilities could be or to view any industry data on this issue that may indicate how extensive liability could be??? The main concern is that we are negotiating with Daishowa to be in a position to undertake, as of closing, all responsibilities associated with all matters disclosed, unless there is a legal noncompliance issue (e.g., failure to maintain proper permits).  Since the requirements of the Pay Equity Act have not been identified to management as a concern, I need to ensure that this is a real issue (mostly from a $'s exposure standpoint) vs. something so remote that it should not even be discussed. Please let me know your thoughts.  Thanks. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone:     713-345-8897 Facsimile: 713-646-3940 E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@enron.com Memo re: Quebec Labour Issues Regards Christopher Deehy e-mail: deehyc@lapros.qc.ca tel:  (514) 925-6353 >  ___________________________________ >  Le pr,sent courrier ,lectronique (courriel) et les documents qui y > sont  attach,s peuvent contenir de l'information confidentielle; ils > s'adressent exclusivement au destinataire mentionn, ci-dessus et nulle > autre personne ne doit en prendre connaissance ni les utiliser ou les > divulguer.  Si vous recevez le pr,sent courriel par erreur, veuillez en > aviser l',metteur imm,diatement par courrier ,lectronique et le d,truire > avec les documents qui y sont attach,s. > >  The information contained in this e-mail and all attachments is > confidential and is for the sole use of its intended recipient. It may not > be disclosed to or used by anyone other than the addressee. If received in > error, please contact the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail > and all attachments from your system. > > > > 
Jeffrey, We think that we will be in Austin from Sunday to Tuesday.  We made plans yesterday to spend Sunday evening with some friends from law school.  At some point, I will have lunch with Maria Morris Stewart (my roommate from Tulane) who lives in Austin.  We still are free on Monday evening, if that works for you.  I think that we will stay at that Hawthorne Suites on MoPac, but we may splurge for the Four Seasons -- no firm plans as of yet!! Of course, Trey has to have his Hyde Park fix at soem point as well. Let me know your plans.  Sooner would be better, because we are trying to finalize things. Michelle Trey- Here are the new numbers.  Michelle mentioned that you will be visiting Austin soon.  When?  Let us know so we can plan something. Thanks for the updated info. Thanks, JP Jeff Hoogendam - President & CEO SmartPrice.com, Inc. "Changing the way the world buys telecom." T: 512.342.8800, x3008 F: 512.342.1072 www.smartprice.com Sent: Saturday, May 13, 2000 7:51 AM Of course, I should also have asked for your new work number -- the last number I have is for the old VC firm. Would you please send that to me as well? FYI: My new work phone: 713-853-6935 New work e-mail: trey.cash@enron.com Thanks, Trey Sent: Thursday, May 11, 2000 10:12 PM Trey-  It's 512-695-1751.  JPH Sent: Thursday, May 11, 2000 9:06 PM Can you send me your cell phone number again -- somehow we seem to have misplaced it. Thanks! Trey 
Pat, Thanks for your comments on the agreement.  As an FYI, the stock awards already have been made, so we had to soften the language in the agreement to address that situation. I appreciate your other thoughts. Mary, could you or someone in your group help me in putting together an example as suggested by Pat? Thanks. Michelle 
Sent: Wednesday, December 13, 2000 3:30 PM Janice Parker; Sally Turley; Norma Boddy; Prince McDougal Privileged & Confidential Prepared for Counsel Attached is a spreadsheet containing the locations for which to capture data in the study.? I have tried specify locations that are meaningful in a market context and? where the pipelines can determine who has capacity.? If you have any questions or believe that some change would be appropriate, please feel free to give me a call or e-mail. Thanks.? --jrm -- John R. Morris Vice President Economists Incorporated 1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Suite 400 Washington, DC? 20036 Voice: 202.223.4700 Fax:?? 202.296.7138 This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information.? If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination,distribution or copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at (202) 223-4700 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and any printout thereof. ? 
Your statement is correct.  We are fully subscribed on our mainline going west.  EB John Morris <morris.j@ei.com> on 12/19/2000 02:50:46 PM Thank you for the response.  Would it be fair to say that all the capacity to California and Arizona is fully subscribed?   Thanks.  --jrm Elizabeth.Brown@enron.com wrote: > John, > > With regard to your first question, yes there are additional design > capacities to be considered. The Topock lateral, which consists of the > three Topock points listed, has a capacity of 400 MDth/d.  Additionally, > the mainline capacity going west, which serves ALL of our markets in > Arizona as well as California, is at 1090 MDth/d. > > As for your second question, the data fields that were highlighted in red > were more for my reference since these required some manual > review/correction on my part. > > If you need further information or explanation, please feel free to contact > me. > > Thanks, > Elizabeth > > John Morris <morris.j@ei.com> on 12/19/2000 02:15:56 PM > > To:   Elizabeth Brown <Elizabeth.Brown@enron.com> > cc: > > Subject:  Data > > Privileged & Confidential > Prepared for Counsel > > Elizabeth, thank you for responding so quickly.  I have two > questions. > 1) You have total capacity of 1550 MDth/d into California. > Can TW simultaneously supply all these amounts, or is there > some lower limit for total deliveries to all 4 meters? > 2) Some of the "Type" cells are colored red.  Does the red > have any meaning? > > Thank you, --JRM > > -- > John R. Morris > Vice President > Economists Incorporated > 1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW > Suite 400 > Washington, DC  20036 > Voice: 202.223.4700 > Fax:   202.296.7138 > > *************************************************** > This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only > for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain > legally privileged and/or confidential information.  If you > are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you are > hereby notified that any dissemination,distribution or > copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is > strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in > error, please immediately notify me at (202) 223-4700 and > permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail > and any printout thereof. > *************************************************** > > <] -- John R. Morris Vice President Economists Incorporated 1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Suite 400 Washington, DC  20036 Voice: 202.223.4700 Fax:   202.296.7138 This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination,distribution or copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at (202) 223-4700 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and any printout thereof. <] 
Note:  With Dynegy as anchor, NGPL is planning on building a lateral into St. Louis for the first time.  MRT (a Reliant pipeline) has been the only pipeline into this market. NGPL Plans Lateral to Serve Illinois Power in St. Louis Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (NGPL) announced plans to build a new 47-mile, 24-inch diameter pipeline lateral into St. Louis to serve Illinois Power's gas distribution system. The $35 million project, which is anchored by a contract with Illinois Power affiliate Dynegy Marketing and Trade, will add at least 300,000 Dth/d of gas transportation capacity to the St. Louis market. "The pipeline project and related agreements ideally demonstrate our ongoing strategy to expand our natural gas pipeline services into growing markets currently not connected to NGPL and to increase throughput on our system by adding electric load to our extensive pipeline network," said Richard D. Kinder, CEO of Kinder Morgan Inc., the parent company of NGPL. The new lateral will extend from Centralia, IL, to a point on Illinois Power's gas distribution system in the East St. Louis market. The project is scheduled for completion in June of 2002. NGPL and Dynegy entered into a number of long-term, gas transportation and storage contracts, including a 10-year agreement effective June 1, 2002, which will provide Dynegy with 90,000 Dth/d of gas via the new pipeline. In addition, NGPL and Dynegy entered into various other firm transportation agreements totaling another 98,000 Dth/d of gas sourced from NGPL's Gulf Coast and Amarillo lines beginning as early as Dec. 1, 2000. The NGPL project effectively creates a new supplier for a geographical area that until now has been served by just one natural gas transportation company [Mississippi River Transmission], according to Larry F. Altenbaumer, president of Illinois Power. "This new connection to Illinois Power's system will help open competitive opportunities to natural gas customers in the metro east area of St. Louis. It not only provides for a new delivery point to service customers directly, but also to fuel electric generation in the area. "The 10-year agreement to provide firm transportation service to Dynegy provides us a solid anchor customer for the pipeline project," said Deb Macdonald, president of NGPL. NGPL intends to solicit expressions of interest from other shippers in December and January. The results of the open season will determine the final scope of the project. "With Dynegy as our anchor customer, we will build the new lateral into the St. Louis market regardless of whether we receive other expressions of interest," said Macdonald. "We anticipate a strong response, however, given the size of the market and the potential for additional gas-fired power generation." Interested shippers should contact Mark Menis, NGPL's director of business development, at (630) 691-3347. 
Attached is an electronic version of a comparison of Grandfathering vs. implementing the full standard handed out and faxed during the Enron Ergonomics Program meeting today. The left side is custom to Enron's position and the required steps to Grandfather under the standard. Russ 
Attached please find a proposal by John Morris to prepare an economic analysis of pipeline affiliate concentration into specific geographic destination markets vis-a-vis non-affiliates.? I would like to discuss this proposal with our group on Thursday afternoon (2:00 est).? I will forward on call-in instructions tomorrow.? Please be aware that this proposal is privileged and confidential and was prepared as attorney-client work product.?? Mr. Morris' information is set forth below.? It may be valuable to ask Mr. Morris to join us for the conference call in order to answer your questions. - John R. Morris Vice President Economists Incorporated 1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Suite 400 Washington, DC? 20036 Voice: 202.223.4700 Fax:?? 202.296.7138 ? 
Mike Anderson - 45    Drop Tim Richardson Robert Chancey - 5    Drop Jake Reed Curtis Conway - 0    Drop Jerry Rice if no on Curtis - Jacquez Green - 0 if no on both - Wesley Walls - 0 By week replacements for Tennessee K & D K - 0 points Minnesota NY Giants Atlanta New Orleans D- 0 points Cleveland Philadelphia Buffalo NY Giants 
PM --------------------------- Madeleine Cardoso <madeleine.cardoso@travelpark.com> on 11/08/2000 06:01:24 PM SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  01DEC HOUSTON TX     NEW YORK NY    115P    547P CO 1970    Q          FRI   G.BUSH INTERCO LA GUARDIA CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  03DEC NEW YORK NY    CLEVELAND OH   120P    259P CO 1905    Q          SUN   LA GUARDIA     HOPKINS INT CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  03DEC CLEVELAND OH   HOUSTON TX     405P    605P CO 1999    Q          SUN   HOPKINS INT    G.BUSH INTERCO MISCELLANEOUS         02APR HOUSTON TX RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/NKW08L ZOOEY/WHARTON  S5C0413R1058              TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7017929661 INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586 CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT) THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET. PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER. YOUR E-TKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: N K W 0 8 L E-TICKET 005-7017929661 ISSUED 08NOV00 - $172.33. 
Credit cards that is! - I just requested another $50 Macy's GC - this is still the best reward that they have (we have another 2,500 points already). Also, I straightened up the deal with AT&T Long distance and they are going to correct the bill to $33.23 and starting with the next bill we are supposed to get 120 minutes a month of free long distance so talk up.  Also, two other things - I checked BofA and the Negril pulse came through as $142.09 and also I was looking at the AT&T credit card and it had a charge for $117.50 from Chi's cakes and more.  I guess that is just the charge for the cake but wanted to make sure the it wasn't for the cake stands. Since we are both big rich types you want to go to dinner tonight?  Let me know. Love Hubby 
You like to handle, or would you like me to? 09:02 AM --------------------------- Jeff & Mona:  We have confirmed that our contracts are silent on the issue. Question remains as to what the language of the original decision was...Can you suggest someone who can dig into this for us?  Should I just phone Mike Day?  Let me know...MLC Shapiro/HOU/EES@EES, Marianne Castano/HOU/EES@EES, Harry Kingerski/NA/Enron@Enron, Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT Likely needs to be a legal analysis based on the language of the original decision etablishing the credits.  But seems to me that we have a deal with our customers to receive service according to price, terms and conditions stated in our contracts with those customers, and that the contract language would govern how the credit is treated.  If  the contracts don't speak to the issue of credits, seems that our contract agrees to provide rez customers with service for a a certain price, and as such, it would be up to us whether we flow it through.  But a lawyer, I am not.  Are our contracts silent on the issue? Best, Jeff Can either of you help me out with this question?   MLC 08:41 AM --------------------------- Diane Huddelston called Lori Pinder about an issue;  Here it is: Due to the merger btw SDG&G & Sempra Energy (about a year or less ago), a savings was realized.  The CPUC said these savings must be passed on to customers 1 time per year, in September.  They are called Annual Merger Credits. Pursuant to all commercial contracts, Enron is entitled to keep the savings (per Diane).  What about the residential customer accounts? Enron keeps the savings or should the residential customer receive? Who could handle this issue for Diane? Thanks, KC 
=09"Julee Malinowski-Ball" <jmball@ns.net> =0903/02/2001 07:03 PM =09Please respond to "Julee Malinowski-Ball" =09=09=20 =09=09 To: "Jan Smutny Jones" <smutny@iepa.com>, "Steven Kelley" <steven@ie= pa.com>,=20 "Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com> =09=09 cc: "William Hall" <wfhall2@duke-energy.com>, "Tony Wetzel"=20 <twetzel@thermoecotek.com>, "Sue Mara" <smara@enron.com>, "Steven Kelley"= =20 <steven@iepa.com>, "Steve Ponder" <steve_ponder@fpl.com>, "Steve Iliff"=20 <siliff@riobravo-gm.com>, "Stephanie Newell"=20 <stephanie-newell@reliantenergy.com>, "Ross Ain" <rain@caithnessenergy.com>= ,=20 "Roger Pelote" <roger.pelote@williams.com>, "Robert Lamkin"=20 <rllamkin@seiworldwide.com>, "Richard Hyde" <rwhyde@duke-energy.com>, "Rand= y=20 Hickok" <rjhickok@duke-energy.com>, "Paula Soos"=20 <paula_soos@ogden-energy.com>, "Nam Nguyen" <nam.nguyen@powersrc.com>, "Mar= ty=20 McFadden" <marty_mcfadden@ogden-energy.com>, "Lynn Lednicky"=20 <lale@dynegy.com>, "Larrea, John" <John.g.Larrea@williams.com>, "kent=20 Palmerton" <kent.palmerton@williams.com>, "Ken Hoffman"=20 <khoffman@caithnessenergy.com>, "Kate Castillo" <ccastillo@riobravo-gm.com>= ,=20 "Kassandra Gough" <kgough@calpine.com>, "Jonathan Weisgall"=20 <jweisgall@aol.com>, "John Stout" <john_h_stout@reliantenergy.com>, "Joe=20 Ronan" <joer@calpine.com>, "Joe Greco" <jgreco@caithnessenergy.com>, "Jim= =20 Willey" <elliottsa@earthlink.net>, "Jeff Dasovich" <Jeff.Dasovich@enron.com= >,=20 "Jack Pigott" <jackp@calpine.com>, "Jack Hawks" <jack.hawks@gen.pge.com>,= =20 "Hap Boyd" <rboyd@enron.com>, "Greg Blue" <gtbl@dynegy.com>, "Frank DeRosa"= =20 <fderosa@sanfrancisco.usgen.com>, "Eric Eisenman"=20 <eric.eisenman@gen.pge.com>, "Eileen Koch" <eileenk@calpine.com>, "Ed Tomeo= "=20 <ed.tomeo@uaecorp.com>, "Duane Nelson" <dnelsen@msn.com>, "Doug Fernley"=20 <fernley.doug@epenergy.com>, "Dean Gosselin" <dean_gosselin@fpl.com>, "Davi= d=20 Parquet" <dparque@ect.enron.com>, "Curtis Kebler"=20 <curtis_l_kebler@reliantenergy.com>, "Curt Hatton" <Curt.Hatton@gen.pge.com= >,=20 "Craig Chancellor" <craigc@calpine.com>, "Cody Carter"=20 <cody.carter@williams.com>, "Carolyn Baker" <cabaker@duke-energy.com>, "Bob= =20 Gates" <bob.gates@enron.com>, "Bob Escalante" <rescalante@riobravo-gm.com>,= =20 "Bob Ellery" <bellery@spi-ind.com>, "Bill Woods" <billw@calpine.com>, "Bill= =20 Carlson" <william_carlson@wastemanagement.com>, "Quan-Hill, Danielle"=20 <danielle.quan-hill@mirant.com>, "Chris Ellison" <CTE@eslawfirm.com>, "Andy= =20 Brown" <ABB@eslawfirm.com>, "Doug Kerner" <runwithmee@aol.com>, "Robert=20 Weisenmiller" <rbw@mrwassoc.com>, "Jean Munoz" <jmunoz@mcnallytemple.com> =09=09 Subject: Legislative Status Report Week Ending 3/2 RE: Legislative Status Report Week Ending 3/2 RECENT EVENTS: -- AB 8x (Migden), which would give the EOB additional and undefined powers related to the coordination of operation and maintenance schedules, passed the Assembly ECA committee 14 to 0.  This measure came from the Governor=01= ,s office in response to one of his Executive Orders.  IEP, along with several IEP members, opposed the bill in committee, but noted commitments to workin= g with the author on language. IEP counsel drafted comments which are attached.  PLEASE PROVIDE COMMENT BY NOON ON MONDAY so that these changes may be considered by the author before the next committee hearing.  The measure will go to the Assembly Appropriations Committee next. -- AB 60x (Hertzberg), which would have required, as a condition of permitting a powerplant, developers to offer to sell the power to Californi= a entities, was pulled from the Assembly ECA Committee hearing at the last minute.  IEP is working with the Chair of the committee and the Speaker=01,= s office on appropriate language that would preferably not be tied to the siting process but provide the needed political cover on this new, growing =01&California First=018 concept.  Any suggestions on how to deal with the =01&California First=018 issue is welcomed. -- IEP, along with the other QF stakeholders, had an opportunity to brief the Senate Energy Committee staff on SB 47x (Battin).  The measure will be heard in the committee on Tuesday next week. -- The Senate Environmental Quality committee met this week to hear SB 28x (Sher/Battin) which makes various changes to the siting process including many IEP-sponsored proposals.  So far this is the most comprehensive and positive siting bill introduced, with the greatest chance of moving forward= . The bill passed out of the committee on a 7 to 0 vote even though most of the environmental community testified in opposition.  Chris Ellison and I are continuing to work with the authors=01, staff to develop additional language which should be available before the measure is heard in the Senat= e Energy Committee on Tuesday. -- AB 45x (Kelley) also passed 7 to 0 out of the Assembly Revenue and Taxation Committee this week.  AB 45x would extend the manufacturers investment credit (MIC) to include the generation of electricity through th= e use of solar, wind, geothermal, solid-fuel biomass, waste tire, municipal solid waste, digester gas, or hydropower with a generating capacity of 30 megawatts or less.  The bill does not include a generator who produces electricity for sale to a utility pursuant to a contract originally entered into before January 1, 2001.  The committee staff estimates revenue losses in the range of $5 to $10 million annually beginning in 2001-02. Sponsored by CalEnergy, AB 45x will heard in the Assembly Appropriations Committee next. -- AB 36x (Wright), which would apply specified repower projects to the 6-month expedited siting process established in AB 970 (2000), passed out o= f the Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee 17 to 0.  IEP testifie= d in support of the bill, noting we were still working with the author on language.  IEP continues to believe that with the current language, few, if any, projects would qualify and is working with staff on fixing that. Recent conversations, however, with one of Asm. Wright=01,s staff indicates Wright would be willing to drop the bill if the language IEP wants is already in another measure (SB 28x).  Wright would then carry some other siting language IEP supports and not in any other vehicle.  I will be follow-up on this next week and welcome any suggestions. -- ACR 4x (Cohn), which urges the CEC to move swiftly to license the Metcal= f Energy Center and to permit its construction., passed off the Assembly floo= r 71 to 0.  The measure, which has 5 primary authors and 42 co-authors, is headed to the Senate a policy committee hearing. -- A hearing in the Assembly Natural Resources Committee for AB 34x (La Suer), which would make various changes to the siting process, including some IEP-sponsored proposals, was put off again.  The author will be accepting amendments that will make it a study bill in the special session. The author will try to move the larger measure in its original form during the regular session. -- The Senate Energy Committee held an informational hearing on Energy Market Reform this week.  Stakeholders, especially the generators, were grilled on current market problems and solutions.  Senator Bowen, Chair of the committee, was clearly unhappy with generator=01,s comments.  It is unclear, however, how forthcoming her staff was regarding what participants should have been prepare for in terms of the of the line of questioning tha= t came primarily from Senators Bowen and Dunn.  Bowen suggested she was going to hold another hearing on the issue on a date to be determined later. --  Attached is the most recent legislative tracking report of all the special session bills introduced to date.  I have separated out the regular session list of bills since the list was getting out of control.  I will send that list under separate cover as I=01,m still plowing through the ove= r 1,300 bills that were introduced last Friday.  Please let me know if you need copies of any of these bills. UPCOMING EVENTS: MONDAY, March 5th Senate Appropriations Committee 10 am, Room 4203 SB 39x (Speier) =01) defines a generator as a utility Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee Subcommittee on Energy Oversight 2 pm, Room 4202 Info Hearing on Electricity Supply and Demand for Summer 2001. TUESDAY, March 6th Assembly Natural Resources Committee 10 am, Room 437 AB 55x (Pacheco) =01) exempts CEQA for repowers. AB 68x (Firebaugh) =01) California First ACR 2x (Cogdill) =01) power production and long-term contracts Senate Energy Committee 1:30 pm, Room 4203. SB 28x (Sher/Battin) =01) makes various changes to the siting process. SB 47x (Battin/Keeley) =01) QF bill Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee 2 pm, Room 4202. THURSDAY, March 8th Assembly Natural Resources Committee Room 437 AB 34x (La Suer) =01) makes various changes to siting. --end-- Julee Malinowski-Ball Senior Associate Edson + Modisette 916-552-7070 FAX-552-7075 jmball@ns.net 
Richard Costigan, III Chief of Staff Office of the Assembly Republican Leader California State Assembly Phone:(916) 319-2005 
FYI - attached is the updated application matrix.  Please let me know if you find anything that needs to be changed. Thanks. Margo Reyna Regulatory Analyst Enron Corp., Government Affairs Phone:  713-853-9191 
Rebecca Sanchez 10/11/2000 12:16 PM Jolly/HOU/ECT@ECT, Julie Torres <jtorres@franchiseconceptsinc.com>, sanchezma@simplexnet.com 12:14 PM --------------------------- MyAngelADM@aol.com on 10/11/2000 12:14:01 PM rebecca.sanchez@enron.com, jackie.pierce@compaq.com One day in the Garden of Eden, Eve calls out to God.  "Father, I have a problem!" all of  these wonderful animals and that hilarious comedic snake, but I'm just not  happy." "Why is that, Eve?" came the reply from above. "Lord, I am lonely, and I'm sick to death of apples." "Well Eve, in that case, I have a solution.  I shall create a man for you." "What's a man, Lord?" "This man will be a flawed creature, with many bad traits.  He'll lie, cheat and be vainglorious; all in all, he'll give you a hard time. But...he'll be bigger, faster, and will like to hunt and kill things. He will look silly when he's aroused, but since you've been complaining, I'll create him in such a way that he will satisfy your physical needs. He will be witless and will revel in childish things like fighting and kicking a ball about.  He  won't be too smart, so he'll also need your advice to think properly." "Sounds great." says Eve, with an ironically raised eyebrow. " What's the catch, Lord?" "Well...  you can have him on one condition." "What's that, Lord?" "As I said, he'll be proud, arrogant, and self-admiring...  So you'll have to let him believe that I made him first.  Just remember, it's our little secret... Y'know....Woman to woman..." 
That should be fine.  Just let us know for sure when you know. Marnie - I think I need to take a half day of vacation Friday, Oct. 20th.  I am involved in some church activities next weekend and I won't find out if I need this time off until tonight or Wednesday night.  Is that too short of notice? 
Good My Love, me, I was on the computer and Aunt Pat asked me am I talking to you, and just as her words came out, the computer chimed in and said you got mail. I check it and low and behold there you were, My grandma Klumps Renee Davis. therefore you can e-mail me at CHARLES200064@aol.com. back when you get this message. 
HI.  I'm so overwhelmed at the goodness of God.  Know ye not that it's the goodness of God that leads a man to repent.  I feel like I just got a new boyfriend that I want to spend all my time with.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ok-Ok. I just wanted to share a scripture with you girls. Hebrews 4:12 - For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. I'm so excited and encouraged to continue in this race.  I'm so thankful that God is teaching me through you and His Word that this race is not given to the swift, neither to strong but to the one that endures to the end.  Keep pressing my sisters! Love You, Dana 
Effective today (8/16), authority to sign manual wires & same day payments has been transferred from Tom Myers to Georgeanne Hodges.  As always, Wes Colwell will also continue to have signing authority.  Please continue to make every attempt to minimize these transactions. Thanks, 
Sorry that I forgot you guys! Best/Corp/Enron@Enron, Rufino Doroteo/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kortney Brown/HOU/ECT@ECT, Adarsh Vakharia/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Jolly/HOU/ECT@ECT, Angeles Beltri/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stacy Hardy/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Rosalyn Lum/Corp/Enron@Enron, Cindy Stokes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brian Schwertner/NA/Enron@Enron, Brad Carey/NA/Enron@Enron FYI: If it's ok with everyone's needs, I would like to leave @4pm. If you think you will need my assistance past the 4 o'clock hour just let me know;  I'll be more than willing to stay. 
fyi... Thanks. 04:02 PM --------------------------- GPG DSS 05/08/2000 11:06 AM E-HA, GPG Decision Support HE-MC, GPG Decision Support ME-Q, GPG Decision Support R-S, GPG Decision Support T-Z Currently there is no mechanism for changing your password on DSS. On May 15, 2000, we will be putting a new procedure into effect that will function similarly to the LAN change password procedure.  Passwords for DSS users will begin to expire in early June, and every 60 days thereafter.  You will be receiving 5 Password Expiration e-mails as the deadline approaches. Each of these messages will notify you that your DSS password will expire in the specified time interval. These e-mails will be sent as follows: E-mail  #1 - 2 weeks before expiration date We now have a new module that will allow you to change your password.  When this module is executed, a window will display which will prompt you for your current password, New password, and repeat New password.  There are certain criteria that the new password must meet for it to successfully change. Follow the instructions on this window to choose a new password.  You may run this module anytime, but once you change your password, the module must be closed before it can be run again. Please Detach (double-click) the following module and save it in the location that you normally save your DSS modules/databases.  This may be on your hard (C:) drive or personal (H:) drive.  As long as you remember where it is, it really doesn't matter where you save it.  When the time comes, Execute (double-click) the module to change your DSS password. If you have any questions or problems, please call the DSS HelpDesk at x31555, option 6 OR Lotus Notes e-mail at GPG DSS. Thank you. 
Did you park at the lot where I normally park?  If so, do you want me to meet you there? 
I didn't get whatever it was that you were trying to send me. "lesley cash" <lesleycm@hotmail.com> on 02/06/2001 04:24:46 PM sdebraine@hotmail.com, CRHBlack@Yahoo.com, SlimShake2000@yahoo.com, BJackson@sswpc.com, KcMack@ev1.net, Dana.Davis@enron.com, cobra_0077@hotmail.com, Staci_Cash1@hotmail.com, rome304@hotmail.com, cafegal637@aol.com, TRC464@mobilnet.gte.com, TraciCash59@hotmail.com, tobioso@hotmail.com >From: "Raimone Wilson" <rome304@hotmail.com> >To: lesleycm@hotmail.com, seh1072@hotmail.com >Subject: Fwd: Bible >Date: Mon, 05 Feb 2001 09:46:26 -0600 > > > > >>From: Kara Wilson <karadan9899@yahoo.com> >>To: jennnifer armstrong <jenastrong@yahoo.com>,  BRANDY L BROOKS >><INDIANLOVE99@YAHOO.COM>, tonya davis <tdd33@hotmail.com>,  nicole kirklin >><onedove@collegeclub.com>,  bernarshia roshaye watson >><watsonbr@tribe.ulm.edu>,  Raimone Wilson <rome304@hotmail.com> >>Subject: Fwd: Bible >>Date: Fri, 26 Jan 2001 11:29:29 -0800 (PST) >> >> >>Note: forwarded message attached. >> >> >>__________________________________________________ >>Do You Yahoo!? >>Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices. >>http://auctions.yahoo.com/ _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com X-Apparently-To: karadan9899@yahoo.com via web1104 Received: from web614  (HELO web614.mail.yahoo.com) (216.115.104.83)  by mta311.mail.yahoo.com with SMTP; 24 Jan 2001 18:42:06 -0800 (PST) Received: from [204.196.180.70] by web614.mail.yahoo.com; Wed, 24 Jan 2001 18:42:06 PST Bennett <shonb_71201@yahoo.com>,  Lorenzo Brown <Zeaux@hotmail.com>, Christopher Wardell Collins <n2deep_cc@hotmail.com>,  Walter Collins <bigballa44@hotmail.com>,  Ke'Mario Jarrell Elliot <Blowdaddy90@yahoo.com>, Miesha Fortner <juice_98_2000@yahoo.com>,  DARYL PAUL GOSPEL <sixfigurec4@yahoo.com>,  Nakedra Rashard Higgins <nhiggi1@lsu.edu>, kaneisha hodges <kanieshah@hotmail.com>,  shirley jones <tessa_71291@yahoo.com>,  "Quinton D. LaPoole" <jenzman4life@yahoo.com>, Jonathan Ledoux <IINdline@yahoo.com>, MO LLOYD <MOLUV2000@YAHOO.COM>, "Genesis R. Louis" <genlouis@yahoo.com>,  ANSON DELL MADISON <bosshossdick@hotmail.com>,  Chimere Chante Nash <ccn004@beta.latech.edu>, TAMBRE PASTER <TATA11@COLLEGECLUB.COM>,  Sharonda Reitzell <sreitzell@yahoo.com>,  Talissha Madean Robinson <lovelylady318@hotmail.com>,  Tyiska MeCole Roe <tyiskar@excite.com>, Jerushka Smith <jlove29@collegeclub.com>,  Dee Janette Starr <smooches60@hotmail.com>,  Christopher Ward <mase@bayou.com>, Disha Ward <deew18@yahoo.com>,  Calvin Devaye Williams <calvinwilliams81@yahoo.com>, David Wilson <dwilson35@hotmail.com>, KARA Wilson <karadan9899@yahoo.com>, Erica Young <ERICANY@HOTMAIL.COM>, Dale Zimmerman <dalez@hotmail.com>, Derrick Zimmerman <ddz1@ra.msstate.edu> MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Length: 7266 Note: forwarded message attached. ===== Jennifer wuz here, but now she's gone She want's her name to carry on Those whom knew her, knew her well Those whom didn't can go to HELL! Jen&Quin... 4-eva!  Ya dig! __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices. http://auctions.yahoo.com/ X-Apparently-To: jenastrong@yahoo.com via web614 Received: from web314  (HELO web314.mail.yahoo.com) (216.115.105.79)  by mta125.mail.yahoo.com with SMTP; 24 Jan 2001 08:03:42 -0800 (PST) Received: from [204.196.181.124] by web314.mail.yahoo.com; Wed, 24 Jan 2001 08:03:41 PST <SMMack@hotmail.com>, April Mathews <babyewop@hotmail.com>,  Sharonda Reitzell <sreitzell@yahoo.com>,  LATONYA ROBINSON <tonyar_98@yahoo.com>, Sharon Robinson <shae1@qnet.com>,  breland siller <bsiller1@excite.com>, SHETOCQUIE WILLIS <SSW1441@USL.EDU>,  Natasha Wilson/Hunter <nwilso6@lsu.edu>,  NIKKI WINSTON <missbitch99_00@yahoo.com>,  TARIAN WINSTON <tarianw@yahoo.com>, Dale Zimmerman <dgz12_98@yahoo.com> MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Length: 5663 Note: forwarded message attached. ===== Tessa __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices. http://auctions.yahoo.com/ X-Apparently-To: tessa_71291@yahoo.com via web310 Received: from web515  (HELO web515.mail.yahoo.com) (216.115.104.230)  by mta467.mail.yahoo.com with SMTP; 23 Jan 2001 15:59:47 -0800 (PST) Received: from [204.196.181.30] by web515.mail.yahoo.com; Tue, 23 Jan 2001 15:59:46 PST <bigballa44@collegeclub.com>,  Lamont Collins <bigballa44@hotmail.COM>,  Tara Collins <young_goins@hotmail.com>,  Shirley Jones <tessa_71291@yahoo.com>, sharon pollard <spollard@monroe.k12.la.us>,  CHRISTOPHER WARD <Mase@bayou.com> MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Length: 4395 Note: forwarded message attached. __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices. http://auctions.yahoo.com/ X-Apparently-To: sreitzell@yahoo.com via web514 Received: from web2206  (HELO web2206.mail.yahoo.com) (128.11.68.36)  by mta209.mail.yahoo.com with SMTP; 09 Jan 2001 16:08:50 -0800 (PST) Received: from [216.192.242.23] by web2206.mail.yahoo.com; Tue, 09 Jan 2001 16:08:50 PST <ehamilton53@yahoo.com>, Susana Haro <Haros00@aol.com>,  Jerry Lee <plove187@aol.com>, anthony mcdonald <macd32_2000@yahoo.com>,  Sharonda Reitzell <sreitzell@yahoo.com> MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Length: 3205 Note: forwarded message attached. __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Yahoo! Photos - Share your holiday photos online! http://photos.yahoo.com/ 
I will be leaving the office at 12 today.  Dana should be here to assist you in my absence. Rufino 
10/24/2000 07:53 AM --------------------------- mggagliardi@duke-energy.com on 10/24/2000 07:27:09 AM Gagliardi/Hou-ComOps/EnergyTrading/PEC on 10/24/2000 07:39 AM TruOrange@aol.com on 10/23/2000 08:09:21 PM True Orange Fax/E-Mail Service Volume 8, Fax/E-Mail #100, Monday, October 23, 2000 Jerry Scarbrough's True Orange, P. O. Box 26530, Austin, Texas 78755 - Phone 512-795-8536 Brown Says Injuries Piling Up, UT-Tech on Fox TV at 6 p.m. The Longhorns are a 41-point favorite over Baylor in their 11:30 a.m. Saturday game in Austin. It will be televised by Fox Syndication. Coach Mack Brown said the Longhorns' injuries are piling up at certain positions and he said some players will be cross-trained to improve the depth at those positions. Sophomore TE Bo Scaife, the projected starter, suffered a season-ending knee injury during pre-season practice, and junior TE Mike Jones took a lick on the knee against Missouri that will keep him out of action indefinitely. That leaves true freshman Brock Edwards and walk-on Cullen Loeffler as the only able-bodied tight ends on the team. Brown said Edwards will start Saturday, and he said FB Chad Stephens, a former TE, will be cross-trained so he can fill in at both positions. TB Ivan Williams also will be cross-trained at fullback, he said. He also said OT Robbie Doane has been moved to guard because Antwan Kirk-Hughes' shoulder injury is limiting his playing time. He said the Longhorns had to play starting OTs Leonard Davis and Mike Williams late in the Missouri game "because they were the only healthy tackles we had." He also said redshirt freshman OG Tillman Holloway "played his best game Saturday. He played 53 snaps and did a good job." Brown said DT's Shaun Rogers (ankle) and Marcus Tubbs (shoulder) also are ailing, and he said he hopes both of them can play Saturday. He said freshman Adam Doiron might have to give up his redshirt year unless both of them are able to play. On the plus side, Brown said QB Major Applewhite is getting better each week. "He came into this year with a hurt knee and he didn't have a lot of confidence in the knee," Brown said, "but he looked like the old Major (against Missouri) for the first time" since he was injured in the Cotton Bowl game against Arkansas. Brown also said freshman WR Sloan Thomas, who caught two touchdown passes Saturday in his first extended action, "is going to be a really good player. He's been making plays like that in practice, so we decided to play him more." Brown said redshirt freshman WR Artie Ellis is out with a sore shin and he doesn't know when he will return. Ellis also was hampered during his redshirt year with a stress fracture in his shin, and it isn't good news that the same shin is sore again. Asked how he can get his team ready to play a Baylor team that has been shut out in its last three games, Brown said, "We need to worry more about us than our opponents. We just need to be a better football team. We have to get ourselves ready, and this is a team that hasn't always done that." The Longhorns can beat Baylor even if they aren't fired up, but the road gets much tougher the following two weeks with road trips to Texas Tech and Kansas. Fox TV has picked the Texas-Texas Tech game for its 6 p.m. national telecast on Nov. 4. * * * * FOOTBALL RECRUITING  NOTES: Super DT Tommie Harris of Killeen Ellison said he came to the Missouri game Saturday, but got there late and didn't get to visit with the other recruits. Harris said he had a good time and said Texas remains one of his top choices. . . Fullback James Buchanon of Sarasota, Fla., says he will announce his college choice Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 p.m. He has been considering FSU, Texas and Boston College, but he took a visit to FSU last weekend and said he had a great time, so the Seminoles think they have him. * * * * BASKETBALL RECRUITING  NOTES: Two walk-ons, including a former scholarship player at North Texas State, have been added to the UT basketball team, coach Rick Barnes announced Monday. They are  6-6 junior guard/forward Deginald Erskin and 6-1 freshman point guard Drew Gressett. Erskin, a cousin of former Longhorn Kris Clack, is from Gonzales. He played at North Texas State for two years, averaging 12.3 points as a freshman and 18.9 points as a sophomore. He will have to sit out this year, but can practice with the team. Gressett was an All-District guard at Austin Westlake last season, averaging 15 points and 6 assists per game. * * * * My next e-mail/fax will be whenever events warrant. * * * * The True Orange Fax Service includes  at  least  99 faxes  a year and costs $99 ($79 by E-Mail). The True Orange Newsletter includes  26 newsletters and is published weekly during football season and twice monthly during most of the other months. It costs $45. Save by subscribing to both for $130 (or $110 if you take the faxes via E-Mail  or $99 if you take the faxes and newsletter via E-Mail). Send check  to address at the top of page. I also  update my 900 number ? 1-900-288-8839 ? daily with recruiting news. My E-Mail address is: truorange@aol.com 
11/07/2000 08:28 AM --------------------------- mggagliardi@duke-energy.com on 11/07/2000 07:22:27 AM Gagliardi/Hou-ComOps/EnergyTrading/PEC on 11/07/2000 07:21 AM TruOrange@aol.com on 11/06/2000 07:21:16 PM True Orange Fax/E-Mail Service Volume 8, Fax/E-Mail #104, Monday, November 6, 2000 Jerry Scarbrough's True Orange, P. O. Box 26530, Austin, Texas 78755 - Phone 512-795-8536 Applewhite Has Knee Sprain, Won't Play at Kansas & He's Iffy for Aggies Coach Mack Brown said Monday the MRI on QB Major Applewhite's knee showed a strained PCL (posterior cruciate ligament) in his right knee that will sideline him for the Kansas game and possibly for the Texas A&M game, too. "It's a sprained ligament," Brown said. "It won't require surgery, but he is out for this week and he's questionable for A&M." Brown said he is slightly optimistic because "I've had five kinee operations and I never was moving around  as good as Major was Saturday night after the game." But he said sophomore Chris Simms is the starting QB and will be backed up by Beau Trahan, with WR Courtnee Garcia, a former high school QB, also getting some snaps at QB just in case any additional injuries occur at the position. Brown said he has no plans to play freshman Chance Mock, who is redshirting, because he said Mock runs the opposing teams' offenses for the scout team against the Longhorn defense and hasn't worked with the first or second team offenses all year. "We think he is going to be a very good player, but we still plan to redshirt him this year," Brown said. I talked to a couple of friends who are outstanding knee surgeons and both said Applewhite will have a hard time returning in time for the A&M game. They said he would have a very difficult time backing up with a sprained PCL. Brown said it will be important for the offense to be two-dimensional against Kansas  so all the pressure for moving the offense does not fall on Simms. Freshman DT Stevie Lee (broken bone in foot) won't be able to play Saturday at Kansas, Brown said, adding that it looks like Lee, who was injured in the third game, will not be able to play again this year and will be eligible for a medical redshirt that will give him four more years of eligibility. If a player is injured prior to the fourth game, he is eligible for a medical redshirt if he is unable to return later in the season. Brown said backup CB Ervis Hill has a separated shoulder and is out for the rest of the season. He also said backup WR Artie Ellis is still having problems with a sore shin and won't play Saturday. Redshirt freshman DT Ryan Haywood underwent shoulder surgery last week and Brown said the doctors said it went well. * * * * The Longhorns are starting true freshmen at their three primary recever positions, and Brown said all three of them are playing well. WRs Roy Williams and B. J. Johnson have been starting for several weeks and they already rank first (Williams) and second (Johnson) on the list of Longhorn freshmen receivers in yardage for a season. TE Brock Edwards moved up when Mike Jones hurt his knee, and Brown said Edwards, who got his second start Saturday at Texas Tech, "played really, really well. His blocking is much better and he made two outstanding catches." Williams has 544 yards in receptions this season and Johnson has 496. The previous freshman high was set by Lovell Pinkney, who had 458 receiving yards as a freshman in 1992. * * * * Brown said the Longhorns have been playing much better during their four-game winning streak, and he cited three primary reasons. "The Oklahoma game got our attention, we simplified our offense and Major got well," he said. He said Applewhite had started looking like his old self in recent weeks. "Seven months out of a knee operation is not a long time," he said, citing the time between the surgery on Applewhite's left knee and the start of two-a-days. * * * * RECRUITING NOTES: Super DT Tommie Harris of Killeen Ellison plans to come to the A&M game the day after Thanksgiving. . . I'm not sure how soon it will happen, but I will be very surprised if super LB Derrick Johnson of Waco or super safety Dewayne Brandon of Temple wind up anywhere else but in Austin. * * * * My next e-mail/fax will be whenever events warrant. * * * * The True Orange Fax Service includes  at  least  99 faxes  a year and costs $99 ($79 by E-Mail). The True Orange Newsletter includes  26 newsletters and is published weekly during football season and twice monthly during most of the other months. It costs $45. Save by subscribing to both for $130 (or $110 if you take the faxes via E-Mail  or $99 if you take the faxes and newsletter via E-Mail). Send check  to address at the top of page. I also  update my 900 number ? 1-900-288-8839 ? daily with recruiting news. My E-Mail address is: truorange@aol.com 
Mark, Enron Power Marketing would like to reschedule the Ancillary Services Test to Monday, May 7, 2001: Balancing:   Starting   8:00 am Responsive Reserve:  Starting 11:00 am Regulation:   Starting   2:00 pm Non-Spin:   Starting   4:00 pm If you have any questions, please call me or Smith Day. Thanks. Alan Chen Tel: 713-853-7027 
I Created a TECO FRONTERA folder for these documents under the eservices directory. I also put a fuel usage calculator that is fairly useful under eservices as well. Smith L Day   05/03/2001 02:28 PM Miller/NA/Enron@Enron, Tom May/Corp/Enron@Enron, Clint Dean/Corp/Enron@Enron, Smith L Day/HOU/ECT@ECT PM --------------------------- "Frank Busot" <flbusot@tecoenergy.com> on 05/03/2001 01:16:26 PM <cmmuckerman@tecoenergy.com> Signed originals to follow for your records. <ljsaporta@tecoenergy.com>, "Robert Skaggs" <rlskaggs@tecoenergy.com> Please see the attached transmittal letter, Notice of Change of Information form and QSE Acknowledgment which are being submitted on behalf of Frontera Generation Limited Partnership. 
Attached are new draft responses to the Frontera Notices of Force Majeure/ Uncpontrollable Forces, for dispatch today if the your desk deems appropriate.   Please review and comment.  Also please let me know who would sign these letters for the desk. I will distribute to each of you hard copies of Frontera's notices.  -David 
DEAN, CLINT E, ? You have been selected to participate in the Mid Year 2001 Performance Management process.  Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. ? select Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, May 25, 2001. ? If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  1.713.853.4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com ? Thank you for your participation in this important process. ? The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."  Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list.  NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. ? Employee Name: DAHLKE, ANDREA JACOBSON, MICHAEL OLINDE,JR., DONALD THOMPSON, KERRI 
We had a quiet, uneventful fourth.? We helped my parents move to Humble over the weekend and then came home Monday afternoon.? This weekend we're headed to Dallas to see friends.? Bryan, Brackhahn, Tom Kimpel, Jenn Price, and some of our friends are going to the Metallica concert on Sunday.? If we don't see y'all this summer, then we'll have to get together for the first football game on September 9th. Take care and tell Jenn we said hello. --Monica, Bryan, & Tori ?-----Original Message----- Sent:?? Wednesday, July 05, 2000 1:55 PM Monica, Just wanted to say hi.? Jenn moved to Houston last Thursday.? We were busy getting her apartment set up over the holiday weekend, but she still has a long way to go.? She started her new job today at Conoco.? We went to watch fireworks last night in downtown Houston.? It was pretty cool.? They had the Beach Boys there.? It looks like she may be buying a new car soon. Hers is not doing so well.? In fact, she is borrowing my Celica right now. I hope y'all had a good Fourth, and tell Bryan we said hi. Clint 
Tim, I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a) we are being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; b) we have very good paper; c) we are dealing with solid credits and are charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying financing; d) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow position if needed to manage cash issues and e) that RAC is comfortable that we are reaching these goals. Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED.  David, Joe and Mark should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these issues but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we watch the funds flow issues. Regards Delainey 09:15 AM --------------------------- We have closed the following deals where we deliver power two a muni in the short term and get paid back power later on.  These deals have both a commodity and a finance portion: Counterparty    Loan Period  Repayment Period  Amount Financed Grant County    7/01 to 7/06   7/06   $4.7 million Grant County    5/01 to 7/06   7/06   $5.7 million Avista/Kaiser    7/2000   7/2000 to 7/2006   $31.3 million BPA/Kaiser    9/2000   7/2001 to 9/2001   $36 million Clatskanie    11/2000 to 9/2001 10/2001 to 9/2006  $5 million Eugene Water and Electric  1/2001 to 3/2002  11/2001 to 4/2002  $4.9 million Eugene Water and Electric  7/2001 to 12/2002 5/2002 to 12/2002  $7.3 million We are seeing demand for more of these.  For example, Tacoma City Light is looking at $35,000,000 + in this type of structure.  What do you guys need to know about this business and how much of an appetite do we have for this? 
Chris, I would let this fish go. He has been through the organization too many times. Regards Delainey 
Kay, please book 9:00 am to 2:00 pm with me Mike Miller & Don Miller with Mike Childers (Entergy) (actually 10 am to 1pm not including travel time to their shop in the Woodlands) on September 5, 2000. Regards Delainey 
Laura, I spoke to Tom about his retail proposals, I told him that you would coordinate a meeting between Mark Muller/Lou Pai and himself.  I only want Lou going up if Tom is involved.  However, Mark Muller is up to go and I have spoken to him with regard to the opportunity today.  He is expecting your call. On a related note, I volunteered Wes Colwell (our controller and former Anderson person) to speak to Peoples accounting/ risk people and Anderson auditors on how to manage the issues surrounding marking the hub values inside Peoples.  I would appreciate you coordinating that meeting.  If Wes goes to Chicago, we want to ensure Leubbers, the Anderson folks and the appropriate Peoples accounting folks are available so Wes can spend the least amount of time on this issue. Jeff, where are we on the PECO/PSEG retail play that you spoke to Mark Muller about a couple weeks back? Mark, I forgot to mention that FPL is interested in potentially investing in the New Power Company - Tony Altman (President of FPL wholesale) would like to discuss.  If interested please call him at 561-625-7777.  If you don't think you will have any interest let me know and I will call him to let him know.  I probably need to get back to him either way shortly. Thanks. Regards Delainey 
Thank you for your prompt response.  I have arranged the following time and date for the East Midstream QBR: Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. Thanks, Kay 3-0643 
Guys, please come up with a plan to meet Ben's requirements. The key sites/jobs for 2001/2002 include: - florida - several sites - 06/01; - LV Cogen - early '02; - Project Moore (Ontario) - 06/01; - Pastoria - early '03'; - Monterrey - early '02; -Coyote - early '02; - LIPA barge deal - '01; - possibly - Lousiana - 06/01. Regards Delainey 08:54 AM --------------------------- Ben F Jacoby 06/24/2000 12:06 AM Sent by: Ben Jacoby Dave: I really hate to bother you with this, but anything you can do to get these guys off the dime and moving (rather than complaining) would be appreciated. I called Westfahl as you suggested, but he never responded. At the end of the day, I think maybe the board approval we were talking about (Moore, Florida and Louisiana) is the only way to send the message. One highlight of interest in Coleman's e-mail is that it takes longer than 7 months to construct a 6 - LM6000 plant. That's pretty amazing given that NEPCO just finished constructing four ENA plants (Gleason, Wheatland, Wilton and Doyle) in less than 6 months. Anything you can do (or any advice) would be appreciated. Right now I'm simply ignoring the negativism and proceeding as quickly as possible. Regards, Ben Mike Coleman@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/22/2000 04:01 PM Ben, Reflecting on our conversation at lunch the other day, I want to re-emphasize my concerns about the schedule issues.  You indicated that you had an idea that the plant could be built in the field in 120 days, or approximately 4 months.  This is not at all realistic.  I would expect that the most aggressive schedule for a greenfield installation of simple cycle gas fired LM 6000's would run approximately 90 days for the first unit, plus about two weeks for each additional unit.  This would result in an installation duration of aproximately 5.5 months for a 6 unit gas fired plant.  In front of that there would have to be site preparation and initial foundation work done. The Florida and Louisiana projects can be expected to have significant piling requirements which will add probably a minimum of 30 days to the front of this schedule, and the dual fuel consideration may lengthen the incremental installation time per unit somewhat.  Considering these factors, it would not be unreasonable to expect field duration to be 7 months or longer. I know that this is much longer than what you have had in mind.  But I think that this is real world.  For a 1 June start of operations, this would mean getting site access by 1 November, which is only 4 months from now. You stated that the permitting requirements may be as much as 6 months for Florida.  If this is correct then there is a serious disconnect for your schedule.  We need to make all efforts to expedite the on site date if June 01 commercial operations is to be achieved. Let's talk. Mike 
Sent by: Kay Chapman Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tim Belden/HOU/ECT@ECT, Raymond Bowen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Christopher F Calger/PDX/ECT@ECT, Wes Colwell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Janet R Dietrich/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeff Donahue/HOU/ECT@ECT, W David Duran/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT@ECT, Gary Hickerson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike Jakubik/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Josey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, John J Lavorato/Corp/Enron@Enron, Rodney Malcolm/HOU/ECT@ECT, George McClellan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rob Milnthorp/CAL/ECT@ECT, Julia Murray/HOU/ECT@ECT, Edward Ondarza/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jere C Overdyke/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin M Presto/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brian Redmond/HOU/ECT@ECT Davidson/PDX/ECT@ECT, Marsha Schiller/HOU/ECT@ECT, Catherine DuMont/PDX/ECT@ECT, Shirley Tijerina/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Christy Chapman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tina Rode/HOU/ECT@ECT, Janette Elbertson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stella L Ely/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nicole Mayer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tonai Lehr/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Shirley Crenshaw/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kimberly Hillis/HOU/ECT@ect, Ana Alcantara/HOU/ECT@ECT, Angie Collins/HOU/ECT@ECT, Angela McCulloch/CAL/ECT@ECT, Carolyn George/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Dusty Warren Paez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Donna Baker/HOU/ECT@ECT, Felicia Doan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Katherine Benedict/HOU/ECT@ECT, David W Delainey/HOU/ECT@ECT This is a reminder for you to please take a minute and select your reviewers for the PRC feedback.  Dave is also requesting that you provide a list of accomplishments for the past six (6) months. Please provide this information to your direct reports as soon as possible. Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call Kay  3-0643. Thanks, Kay - 
Please note for calendar.  Thank you. 01:53 PM --------------------------- Jeff A Sokoloff <jeffsok@juno.com> on 12/11/2000 09:16:38 AM James, We (Glen Rosenbaum, ADL Regional Chair, Martin Comindsky, ADL Regional Director, Carrin and I)  will meet at your office from 2 - 3 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon, December 12. Thank you. Jeff Sokoloff ________________________________________________________________ GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO! Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less! Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit: http://dl.www.juno.com/get/tagj. 
Carrin & Jim -- It was an honor and a pleasure to meet both of you yesterday.  I know we will have fun working together on this very special event. Jeff left the jurisprudence luncheon lists for me before he left on vacation. advise me if you would like them sent to you?  I can email the MS Excel files or I can fax the hard copies to you.   Please advise what is most convenient. I plan to be in town through the holidays and can be reached by phone, email, or cell phone at any time.  My cell phone number is 713/705-4829. Thanks again for your interest in the ADL's work.  Martin. Martin B. Cominsky Director, Southwest Region Anti-Defamation League 713/627-3490, ext. 122 713/627-2011 (fax) MCominsky@aol.com 
Jim:  The draft memo on power is attached.  Lots more work to do.  Let me know if you want to discuss further. Mark Mark Attached is a draft of the chart of power risks.  Let me know if there is anything else you would like me to do on this.  We are still in the process of reviewing top exposures with credit. Elizabeth 36349 
JVD & CFP to Vail, Colorado.  Return on the 4th of September 
=DJ Enron, Powerex Investigated For Alberta Price Fixing 11/21/0 15:31 (New York) Canada Corp. in Calgary and Powerex Corp. in Vancouver earlier this year as part of an investigation into suspected electricity price fixing by the two companies, according to documents obtained by Dow Jones Newswires. used to gain access to the offices that in the summer of 1999, Powerex and Enron were coordinating bid restatements and inflating the price each received for electricity as they traded on the Power Pool of Alberta. companies, according to Enron. The Competition Bureau declined to comment on the status of the case. provincially owned British Columbia Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH), deny breaking any rules or laws. high power prices, which have become a political issue in the province. design flaws," Powerex president and chief executive Ken Peterson told Dow Jones Newswires in an interview. deregulating market Enron has participated in, Enron Corp. spokesman Mark Palmer said. oil markets or gasoline markets have experienced any kind of price volatility, there have been investigations done," Palmer said. investigations, he said, but never found to be breaking the rules. This is the first such investigation into Powerex's actions, Peterson said. is ongoing, citing disclosure rules under the Competition Act. status. Their seized files were returned several months ago, but Powerex hasn't heard from the Bureau since then. Enron did receive a call from the Bureau last week with a question, according to Enron Corp. spokesman Eric Thode. noticed the clearing price for a megawatt of electricity was topping C$100 with unusual frequency. for the following day. Until Oct. 19, 1999, a bidder could restate the amount of power in a bid or offer an unlimited number of times, until 20 minutes before the hour of transmission. The price paid for every megawatt of power needed by the Pool in a given hour is set by the most expensive unit needed to meet demand. Enron were rigging their bids in the following manner: minutes later, Enron would increase its offer for the same period by the same volume, but at a "significantly higher price," according to the warrant application. Sometimes, Enron would increase its offer even before Powerex had dropped its offer. trading group, found that "as a result of restatements, involving mostly Powerex and Enron," the Pool price was raised once to C$200/MWh, four times to between C$354.29 and C$499.93, three times to between C$500 and C$541.63, and 10 times to between C$801.02 and C$998. concluded that no new energy was being offered to the Pool. They believed the power was just being transferred from Powerex to Enron and then offered at the higher price, according to the warrant application. By cutting the volume offered by Powerex, the more expensive power offered by Enron would likely be needed, and every participant would get the higher price. the Bureau, but denies that the company's traders were doing anything wrong or that the two companies had some sort of arrangement. Enron. There was no expectation about what their behavior would lead to in terms of a change in prices or anything like that." risk, which Enron agreed to take on by buying the power at a fixed price, Peterson said. of Enron being advised by the Pool that their energy would not be required, Powerex would restate an identical volume of energy back into its lower priced unit," according to the warrant application. felt an obligation to make sure the power got delivered into Alberta." could sell it at," Enron's Thode said. "And that's what Enron and every other company does that's in the business of trading." 1999, and Oct. 19, 1999. On Oct. 20, 1999, the Pool changed its restatement rules, essentially closing the loophole, though it did so without ever making public its investigation into Powerex and Enron. investigation. interests and activities of market participants," he said. the court's discretion and/or jailed up to five years. A conviction wouldn't likely affect Powerex's ability to trade in the U.S., Peterson said. In Canada "there would have to have some follow-on action by the Alberta parties to inhibit that. And so far, they still like to get our power." reputation. stake from a reputational point of view," Peterson said. "Both companies, I believe, conduct themselves in the highest possible standard. But these are difficult times in the business with prices going crazy in Alberta and California and people looking for somebody to blame. There's always a possibility of collateral damage when politics gets involved." Alberta of unfairly providing access to transmission through British Columbia, linking Washington with Alberta, as detailed in an Oct. 13 Power Pool market surveillance report. Again, no charges have been laid. 
FYI 05:03 PM --------------------------- Hemstock/CAL/ECT@ECT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eric Thode/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David W Delainey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@Enron, John J Lavorato/Corp/Enron@Enron, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron@Enron, Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeff Skilling/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kenneth Lay/Corp/Enron@ENRON, James Derrick/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron =DJ Enron, Powerex Investigated For Alberta Price Fixing 11/21/0 15:31 (New York) Canada Corp. in Calgary and Powerex Corp. in Vancouver earlier this year as part of an investigation into suspected electricity price fixing by the two companies, according to documents obtained by Dow Jones Newswires. used to gain access to the offices that in the summer of 1999, Powerex and Enron were coordinating bid restatements and inflating the price each received for electricity as they traded on the Power Pool of Alberta. companies, according to Enron. The Competition Bureau declined to comment on the status of the case. provincially owned British Columbia Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH), deny breaking any rules or laws. high power prices, which have become a political issue in the province. design flaws," Powerex president and chief executive Ken Peterson told Dow Jones Newswires in an interview. deregulating market Enron has participated in, Enron Corp. spokesman Mark Palmer said. oil markets or gasoline markets have experienced any kind of price volatility, there have been investigations done," Palmer said. investigations, he said, but never found to be breaking the rules. This is the first such investigation into Powerex's actions, Peterson said. is ongoing, citing disclosure rules under the Competition Act. status. Their seized files were returned several months ago, but Powerex hasn't heard from the Bureau since then. Enron did receive a call from the Bureau last week with a question, according to Enron Corp. spokesman Eric Thode. noticed the clearing price for a megawatt of electricity was topping C$100 with unusual frequency. for the following day. Until Oct. 19, 1999, a bidder could restate the amount of power in a bid or offer an unlimited number of times, until 20 minutes before the hour of transmission. The price paid for every megawatt of power needed by the Pool in a given hour is set by the most expensive unit needed to meet demand. Enron were rigging their bids in the following manner: minutes later, Enron would increase its offer for the same period by the same volume, but at a "significantly higher price," according to the warrant application. Sometimes, Enron would increase its offer even before Powerex had dropped its offer. trading group, found that "as a result of restatements, involving mostly Powerex and Enron," the Pool price was raised once to C$200/MWh, four times to between C$354.29 and C$499.93, three times to between C$500 and C$541.63, and 10 times to between C$801.02 and C$998. concluded that no new energy was being offered to the Pool. They believed the power was just being transferred from Powerex to Enron and then offered at the higher price, according to the warrant application. By cutting the volume offered by Powerex, the more expensive power offered by Enron would likely be needed, and every participant would get the higher price. the Bureau, but denies that the company's traders were doing anything wrong or that the two companies had some sort of arrangement. Enron. There was no expectation about what their behavior would lead to in terms of a change in prices or anything like that." risk, which Enron agreed to take on by buying the power at a fixed price, Peterson said. of Enron being advised by the Pool that their energy would not be required, Powerex would restate an identical volume of energy back into its lower priced unit," according to the warrant application. felt an obligation to make sure the power got delivered into Alberta." could sell it at," Enron's Thode said. "And that's what Enron and every other company does that's in the business of trading." 1999, and Oct. 19, 1999. On Oct. 20, 1999, the Pool changed its restatement rules, essentially closing the loophole, though it did so without ever making public its investigation into Powerex and Enron. investigation. interests and activities of market participants," he said. the court's discretion and/or jailed up to five years. A conviction wouldn't likely affect Powerex's ability to trade in the U.S., Peterson said. In Canada "there would have to have some follow-on action by the Alberta parties to inhibit that. And so far, they still like to get our power." reputation. stake from a reputational point of view," Peterson said. "Both companies, I believe, conduct themselves in the highest possible standard. But these are difficult times in the business with prices going crazy in Alberta and California and people looking for somebody to blame. There's always a possibility of collateral damage when politics gets involved." Alberta of unfairly providing access to transmission through British Columbia, linking Washington with Alberta, as detailed in an Oct. 13 Power Pool market surveillance report. Again, no charges have been laid. 
Did you by any chance sign off on Justin's choice of Indian law firm? Sandeep, Find out which firm Justin is discussing with. Hopefully, it is a "good" firm, both in terms of quality and absence of conflicts with what we've done in India to date. Let me know. I hope Justin contacted someone in Enron legal with some experience in India before he hired a firm. Hopefully, he talked with you first, as this is common courtesy. Maybe he talked with Sarah G, and that would be fine also as she is generally aware of the Indian firms we use and don't use. 11/30/2000 08:38 PM --------------------------- Wade: Thank you for your quick response! As I suspected, I was slow on the draw.  Justin Boyd with our London team has already directed a firm in India to start looking at these issues. I'll forward your email to Justin, as he very well may want to coordinate some of this through Sandeep, if Sandeep has the capacity to help us out. Thanks again for your help. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3817 Houston Texas 77002 Phone:  (713) 853-1575 Fax: (713) 646-3490 Sandeep Katwala is our general counsel in India, and he should be able to work with you and outside counsel on this. Sandeep -- since this is a bit of a rush, I would like for either you or perhaps Lena to work directly with Travis and outside counsel and try to get some quick answers. Thanks, Wade Murray/HOU/ECT@ECT, Justin Boyd/LON/ECT@ECT, Peter del Vecchio/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT Wade: I hope things are going well for you.  It was good to see you the other day. I'm not even sure where you are right now, but I imagine that you are checking your e-mail, wherever you are.  I was hoping you could give us a little guidance on tracking down some Indian legal issues -- perhaps a reference to someone that could assist us. Clickpaper.com is Enron's electronic  trading marketplace for pulp, paper and lumber products (including derivative products).  It is modeled after EnronOnline, but specializes in these commodities.  The team is in the process of registering customers around the world to access and trade on the Clickpaper website;  in keeping with the EOL business model, Clickpaper enters into access and trading agreements with every customer that govern their use of and trading on the site. Those access and trading agreements are "jurisdiction specific" -- customized for the particular country in which the customer accessing the site is based -- in order to deal with jurisdiction-specific legal issues associated with accessing, or contracting via, the internet, financial trading, regulatory issues, etc. The team has identified India as having a large number of potential customers, and is attending a trade show in New Delhi in early December, and they would like to be able to sign customers up at that trade show, or at the very least arrange to give them access to the site.  We therefore need to consult with legal counsel in India to identify any issues and prepare an apporpriate access and trading agreement.  EnronOnline has developed a due diligence checklist which is very helpful in describing our business model and raising specific legal issues that we are likely to encounter. Could you refer me to in-house counsel or an outside firm that could assist us with this project on an expedited basis (isn't that always the case here)?  I would really appreciate any help you could give to us. people working on this project -- if you already have this project underway, please let Wade and I know so we aren't duplicating  your efforts.  Thanks. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3817 Houston Texas 77002 Phone:  (713) 853-1575 Fax: (713) 646-3490 
FYI; please take any action you deem appropriate.  Jim 11:59 AM --------------------------- Pat Brandt <pbrandt@lrci.com> on 11/30/2000 04:55:52 PM Hi James: My name is Pat Brandt and I work for the Legal Research Center ("LRC") in Minneapolis.  As you may know, we are the nation's leading provider of outsourced legal research and writing services.  Recently, we have entered into a strategic business alliance with Integrity Interactive Corporation ("IIC"), to offer industry-leading, online compliance training - training that could help Enron save millions in the event of a DOJ prosecution. LRC's role in this alliance is to provide the legal research content for the compliance courses and assist in the marketing and selling of the IIC product. You can view our compliance modules at work or home, as long as you have access to the internet and a personal access code.  To receive an access code or more information, please call (800-776-9377) or send me a reply email.  Thank you for your time and have a great day! Sincerely, Patrick C. Brandt, Esq. e-Compliance Sales Director Legal Research Center 700 Midland Square 331 Second Avenue South Minneapolis, MN 55401 pbrandt@lrci.com 
Bobbie, Here are the enovate confirms that we discussed. Dan did a confirm for Oneok which I do not have. Stacy 
I am negotiating the master.  Do you have the credit info for me to tuck in from Rudwell? Dra ft) Hi Debra! As per our conversation, attached is Constellation Power's comments to the Master Firm agreement they received from Roy Rodriguez.  I will be happy if you can review this.  Additionally, as soon as I come to some agreement with their credit group regarding threshold and MACs, I will draft a credit worksheet and forward same to you. Thanks Rudwell. [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22McGilloway+2C+20Vangie+22+20+3CVangie+2EMcGilloway+40con stellation+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com] Sent: Wednesday, May  30, 2001 11:01 AM Rudwell- Pursuant to our discussion, attached please find a revised draft of the Enfolio Agreement between CPS and enovate LLC.  The form of agreement is the original one used by Enron and edited accordingly for enovate LLC. The edits proposed (as submitted to enovate back in January) are consistent with industry standards and according to my notes were being forwarded to enovate's Legal (Enron) for further review.   We are continuing contact and discussions to this matter with Roy Rodriguez at enovate and hope we can put closure to this agreement in the very near future. Regards, Vangie McGillloway Constellation Power Source, Inc. Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com 
Does this help?  I have approved this product. Stacy, Could you reply and copy Mark Taylor with your approval of Kevin Ruscitti's new Secondary Firm product type.  Mark will then make the appropriate approval in Data Manager. Thanks, CW 3-7533 Sent: Friday, June 01, 2001 3:42 PM Stacy; Moran, Tom; Love, Phillip M.; Hunter, Larry Joe Sever, Stephanie; Kenne, Dawn C.; Moorer, Torrey; Cass, Robert B.; Meredith, Kevin; Lozano, Melba; Alatorre, Carlos Please approve the following product type in Data Manager after 11 A.M. US Gas Phy Fwd Secondary Firm STEPS FOR APPROVAL: click the  START button select  PROGRAMS select  TEST APPLICATIONS select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD) click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager) click on the "+" for EnronOnLine click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved" 
True. 
Thanks for the info. 
Attached is a copy of a letter which we are sending to our Corporate, Enron= =20 North America Corp., Enron Energy Services Operations, Inc., Enron Broadban= d=20 Services, Inc., Enron Net Works, LLC, Enron Engineering and Construction=20 Company, EGEP Services, Inc., Enron Transportation Services Company, Enron= =20 Property Services Company, and Portland General Electric Company vendors as= =20 an additional step toward implementing our commitment to conduct our busine= ss=20 affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards. We are sending you a copy of this letter so that you will be aware that you= r=20 vendors will be receiving this letter and so that you will be reminded that= =20 Enron does enlist the cooperation of its vendors in adhering to its Busines= s=20 Ethics Policy. =20 We appreciate your efforts in contributing to an Enron work environment of= =20 which we can all be proud. SAMPLE November ____, 2000 OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN rHeadquarter_Name_ rAddress_ rCity_ rState_  rZip_ Dear Sir or Madam : =20 accordance with the highest ethical standards.  Accordingly, employees of= =20 Enron and its subsidiaries are required to comply with Enron's Business=20 Ethics Policy which requires an employee to conduct himself/herself in a=20 manner which is not detrimental to the best interests of Enron and which do= es=20 not bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct=20 consequence of his/her employment with Enron.  Further, Enron's Business=20 Ethics Policy states that no lavish entertainment or gifts are to be given = or=20 received by Enron employees for special position, price, or privilege. r=20 cooperation in respecting these standards is also critical.  Enron expects= =20 each of its vendors and contractors to maintain adequate records that=20 document its work relationship with Enron.  Enron's auditing department wil= l=20 routinely conduct business ethics compliance audits of certain vendors and= =20 contractors with whom Enron does business.  Your recognition of our ethical= =20 standards allows Enron employees to work with you via arm's length=20 transactions and avoids potentially embarrassing and unethical situations. = =20 If you ever become aware of variances from our policy, please advise: James V. Derrick, Jr. Executive Vice President and General   Counsel (713) 853-5550=09or report =09anonymously =09to:=09Enron Compliance Officer =09=09CONFIDENTIAL =09=09Conduct of Business Affairs =09=09PO Box 1188 =09=09Houston, Texas   77251-1188 =09=09or =09=09the anonymous telephone line: =09=09(713) 853-7294 =09=09or =09=09the anonymous e-mail address: =09=09ochairm@enron.com maintaining that relationship with you. 
NOTE:  YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. You have been selected to participate in the Year End 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee(s). Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. and select Perform Review under Performance Review Services.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, November 17, 2000. If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston: 1.713.853.4777, Option 4 London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 Email: perfmgmt@enron.com Thank you for your participation in this important process. The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."   Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list. Review Group: ENRON Feedback Due Date: Nov 17, 2000 Employee Name                   Supervisor Name                 Date Selected ELLEDGE, SUSAN                  LINDA S BRYAN                   Nov 02, 2000 ESPEY, DARREN                   GEORGE F SMITH                  Nov 08, 2000 KINSEY, LISA M                  GEORGE F SMITH                  Nov 08, 2000 LENART, KIRK D                  GEORGE F SMITH                  Nov 08, 2000 MAHMASSANI, SOUAD               KAM N KEISER                    Nov 07, 2000 WHITE, JESSICA                  GEORGE F SMITH                  Nov 07, 2000 WILLIAMS, JASON C               ROBERT A SUPERTY                Nov 02, 2000 
I am an analyst with Metals Origination in London and got your name from David Oliver.  Enron Metals is in the process of dealing with White Pine Copper Refinery in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.  One of the options we are reviewing is returning a dormant generator to operation and selling the excess power.  Natural gas is delivered to White Pine through an Enron pipeline.  The generator can run on either natural gas or coal.  Several years ago ('96 or '97), Enron contacted White Pine (previously owned by BHP Copper White Pine Refinery) on numerous occasions about running the powerhouse on gas and they would get the excess power to market.  The idea at the time was they had excess natural gas and wanted White Pine to run the generators on gas.  Would you know anything about this deal or who the originator was?  If so, could you or the originator please contact me regarding the details.  If not, could you please direct me to someone who may know about the original proposal? Regards, Bucky Dusek 44 20 7783 2328 
NOTE:  YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. You have been selected to participate in the Year End 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee(s). Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. and select Perform Review under Performance Review Services.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, November 17, 2000. If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston: 1.713.853.4777, Option 4 London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 Email: perfmgmt@enron.com Thank you for your participation in this important process. The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."   Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list. Review Group: ENRON Feedback Due Date: Nov 17, 2000 Employee Name                   Supervisor Name                 Date Selected WILLIAMS, JASON C               ROBERT A SUPERTY                Nov 02, 2000 
Benedict/HOU/ECT@ECT, "Bernal, Kimmberly" <BernalK@bayltd.com>, "Jeffcoat, Christopher A (Chris)" <Christopher.Jeffcoat@relizon.com>, chasj@ev1.net, "Deborah McArthur" <dmcarthur@ar-d.com>, staceyduke@hotmail.com, nhall90@yahoo.com, Melissa Jones/NA/Enron@ENRON, kande_is@mindspring.com, Dayem Khandker/NA/Enron@Enron, Kate Lykes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mirna Mejia/HOU/ECT@ECT, do'hearn@wheeleradvertising.com (David O'Hearn), Charla Reese/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, "Keiser, Jeanelle (COMPRINT S)" <jkeiser@wetmore-printing.com>, Dean Sacerdote/NA/Enron@Enron, stacysams@bfmprinting.com, jennstrauss@yahoo.com, scottzab@hotmail.com Crosswhite/HOU/ECT@ECT, elvislives@earthlink.net, Laurie Davidson/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, rdiaz1@aglife.com, patches@logicalimage.net, bb@wingfield-sears.com, Ryan Hinze/Corp/Enron@ENRON, rojyjohny@yahoo.com, Melissa Jones/NA/Enron@ENRON, "lizard" <lizard3@ev1.net>, jason@wehearu.com, lyssa2886@aol.com, linda.k.mott@mail.sprint.com, jefnoblin@hotmail.com, hoskouie@urbangroup.net, shaunagray@earthlink.net, Angela.Villagomez@enron.com, Lacye Trevino/NA/Enron@Enron 05:05 PM --------------------------- @ ENRON, Evelyn Aucoin <EAucoin@accusys.com> @ ENRON, "lisa" <lisadkins@ev1.net>, "William Ryan" <wmryan@home.com> @ ENRON, "Thomas Ryan" <tryan87@hotmail.com>, jryan90@yahoo.com, Tracy Greene/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lillian Carroll/HOU/ECT@ECT, Monica Jackson/Corp/Enron@ENRON This one is too cute! 
Hello! We are the Elves in Black and we are having a Holiday Raffle in the Enron Lobby to raise money for the Analyst & Associate Adopt-A-Family Program. Our table is located near the big Christmas tree and the escalators that go up to the Energizer. We are selling raffle tickets, 1 for $1 or 6 for $5, December 4-7 from 11:00-2:00. The prize is a Night on the Town: $100 Papas gift card and two tickets to the play, "A Christmas Carol" showing at the Alley Theatre on Sunday, December 17 at 7:30 PM. The winning ticket will be picked later this week. Even if your ticket is not picked, you are still a winner by helping support this great program! For more information please contact Khrissy Griffin (5-4997). Thank you, The Elves in Black 
eThink Stuff For Sale! That's right; get your very own eThink apparel, accessories and office gadgets at the Signature Shop online.  Direct your web browser to the Signature Shop, and then click "eThink Merchandise" to see the complete line.  Happy shopping! eSpeak is back!  Tuesday, December 5 at 10:00 am Houston time, please join Chairman and CEO Ken Lay for an open-mike eSpeak event.  This is your last chance of the year to ask Ken questions about the issues most important to you.  Don't miss it! 
? [IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE] [IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE] [IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE] [IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE] Available on Sagewave north American partners in the Gulf of  Mexico, enabling the development of three deep offshore natural gas  fields. The project consisted of a 56-mile pipeline with a  transmission capacity of 500 MMcf per day and a processing platform,  owned and operated by Williams.? Construction of the Canyon Express pipeline, in the Mississippi Canyon area about 120 miles  southeast of New Orleans, will begin next year. The gathering system  will begin operating in summer 2002, at the same time as the three  natural gas fields, Aconcagua, King's Peak and Camden Hills. Canyon  Express was a major technological breakthrough for TotalFinaElf,  making it possible to undertake oil and natural gas operations at  previously untapped depths of over 6,000 feet. The gas gathering  system will be operated by Elf Exploration and belong to the  companies who owned the Aconcagua, King's Peak and Camden Hills  fields. Aconcagua is operated by Elf Exploration which has a 50% stake in the field. Enron affiliate, Mariner Energy, and Pioneer  Natural Resources each own 25%. King's Peak is wholly-owned and  operated by BP Amoco. Camden Hills is operated by Marathon, with a  50% stake. Total Exploration Production USA owns 16.67% and Pioneer  owns 33.3%. Aconcagua will own 45%; King's Peak, 35%; and Camden  Hills 20% of the Canyon Express pipeline. Power and Natural Gas Pricing  & Articles and click the oil well for MMbtu? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?Open Interest: 396,255 ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? Non-Reportable? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?Non- Commercial? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?Commercial? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? |? ?Short? ? ? ? ?  ?Long? ? |? ?Short? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ?Long? ?|?  ?Short 352,390? ?370,988? ? ? ? ?  43,865? ? 25,267 ? ? ? ? 7,392? ? ?  ?11,627? ? ? ? ? ?6,689?  ? ? 2,454 %? ?  ? ?93.6%? ? ? ? ?11.1%?  ? ?6.4% 33?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?91? ? ? ? ?  ?86? ? ? ? ? ? ? 151?  ? ? ? ? ?122? ?  ? Foothills Pipe Lines while Arctic Resources is promoting the  Beaufort Sea route. The North Slope has natural gas reserves of over  35 Tcf, and many believe the potential reserves could exceed 100  Tcf. Currently, oil producers produce about 8 MMcf per day of  natural gas and re-inject almost all of it into oil reservoirs to  build up pressure there and enhance future recovery. 
Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com. Click on Publications, then on Enron Business and "Volume 5, 2000".  This issue, read about what Ken and Jeff could have worn for Halloween costumes! Also in this issue: ? Enron Broadband Services chips away obstacles; ? DealBench and the art of the paperless deal; ? Global risk managers structure risk even insurers can like; ? Diversity and what you think; ? Enron rescues a giant panda; and ? The Rise School leads lessons in compassion and ABCs. 
Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary. Chris Dorland Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   Canada T2P 4H2 Thanx, Chris 
John, I am planning to come to Houston Wednesday and Thursday to sit with the East desk. Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming. Chris 
Ryan Testing the Ivey e-mail forwarding system. If you get this w/b. Chris Dorland 
Brad, Could you suspend my PAC payments to Mackenzie for my investment (not RRSP account) until I let you know to start them again. Thanx, Chris 
Kim, Thanx for your help with my parking problem. I will contact Louis and hopefully he can take care of it. Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon. I have some ?'s about the 401K and savings plans. Thanx Chris 
What are some good interview questions? Poll your co-workers. cd 
Effective immediately, there is a change to the Stack Manager which will affect Inactive Children. Inactive Children with links to Parent products will not have their calculated prices updated until the Child product is Activated. When the Child Product is activated, the price will be recalculated and updated BEFORE it is displayed on the web. This means that if you are inputting a basis price on a Child product, you will not see the final, calculated price until you Activate the product, at which time the customer will also see it. If you have any questions, please contact the Help Desk on: Americas: 713 853 4357 Europe: + 44 (0) 20 7783 7783 Asia/Australia: +61 2 9229 2300 Dave 
Maintenance at Station 3 has not been completed as scheduled.  As the Station 3 maintenance continues, the Kingsgate capacity will remain limited to 2280 MMcf/d until further notice. If you have any questions, please call our transportation coordinators at (503) 833-4300. PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility.  Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission.  Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility. 
OUR OFFICE IS YOUR COMPLIMENTARY OFFICE DURING =01(....OTC...=01(!!! Dear OTC Participant, Below is some information on Regus, which may be of interest to you as well as your client. An instant complimentary office in downtown Houston for OTC participants from 4-25-01 until 5-8-01=01(instantly, based on availability. Everyone is working under tight deadline.  Take advantage of our complimentary services while you are away from your home office. We are jus= t minutes away from the astrodome. Regus Business Centers: Simply walk in, sit down and start work Regus is changing the way people work by providing instant offices on short term, flexible leases. Our business Centres are fully furnished, staffed an= d equipped with leading edge technology, tailor-made to suit your changing business needs. You can upsize, downsize or relocate completely=01(in an instant. Two-Allen Center 1200 Smith St., Ste. 1600 Houston, TX 77002 The new Regus Business Centre located at 1200 Smith Street in the Two Allen Center provides a range of services, capable of accommodating all of your office needs: =01  Furnished and equipped offices and team rooms (1-100 people) =01  Receptionist to meet and greet your visitors =01  Conference/meeting/training/videoconferencing facilities =01  Complimentary Administrative/business support services including faxin= g, printing, message servicing, secretarial services etc. =01  Latest telecommunications including ISDN and T-1 internet access =01  Do some great networking while you enjoy a complimentary cup of coffee= cappuccino in our Cyber Caf, while checking your email!!!!! The above is brought to you by Regus Business Centers and Global Trade Days 713-353-3916, Email 103636.2203@compuserve.com.  Go to www.globaltradedays.com for a list of several thousand of last year OTC exhibitors and attendees click on (Offshore 2000) which will be a great too= l for this years networking!! Sincerely, Jodi Barraclough Regus Business Centers 713-353-4648, Fax 713-353-4601 Jbarraclough@regususa.com www.regus.com 
Course Title   Time  Location Cost Working Styles       8am - noon EB560 $ 300 Communicating Effectively    1pm - 5pm EB560    200 Communicating Effectively  8am - noon EB560    200 Coaching for Performance  1pm - 5pm EB560    300 For course description and registration, please click here () to go directly into the Development Center "Ernie", or call 3-0357. 
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Coal Trading The liquidity in trading of the Standard European Coal Agreement has=20 increased significantly over the last 6 weeks.  Many counterparties that=20 previously opted to stay on the sidelines finally chose to join the game.= =20 Since the contract's inception at the beginning of the year, Enron has trad= ed=20 a total of 5.3 million tons against the SECA contract, of which 3.8 million= =20 tons has been traded via EnronOnline since July 2000.  We are 5.3 million= =20 tons of a total traded market of 5.8 million tons. Principal Investments Tridium Inc., the leading provider of Internet-based automation=20 infrastructure solutions, announced the close of a $20 million round of=20 capital funding. The funds will be used to increase Tridium=01,s sales and= =20 technical support offices in North America, expand its operations into Euro= pe=20 and Asia, and enhance its technology and products. kRoad Ventures, L.P. and= =20 Enron North America each contributed $10 million in venture capital. Corporate Development Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleghen= y=20 Energy, Inc., announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which= =20 Allegheny Energy Supply will purchase three Enron natural gas-fired merchan= t=20 generating facilities. The acquisition is expected to close in the 2nd=20 quarter of 2001. PERFORMANCE REVIEW The deadline to provide feedback is Friday, November 17.  If you have been= =20 selected to provide feedback on one of your fellow employees, please take t= he=20 time to fill out an evaluation online at www.pep.enron.com. IN THE NEWS "Enron Corp., already North America's biggest, buyer and seller of natural= =20 gas and electric power is dead serious about its efforts to capture a big= =20 slice of the $400 billion global trade in pulp, paper and lumber." -Reuters News Service 2000 CHAIRMAN=01,S AWARD NOMINEES Please join us in congratulating the ENA/EIM/EGM/ employees who have been= =20 recognized as Chairman=01,s award nominees. Congratulations to: Rufino Durante i=20 Irvine =20 Juan Padron Taylor  Stacey White Extra kudos to BARBARA GRAY, who is a finalist for the 2000 Chairman=01,s= =20 Award.  Barbara and ten other individuals are flying to San Antonio from=20 around the world to be honored at Enron=01,s annual Management Conference. = of these finalists will be recognized as the 2000 Chairman=01,s Award winne= r.=20 WELCOME New Hires ENA/EIM/EGM ENA =01) Anil Chandy, Alejandra Chavez EGM =01) Marty Cates, JoAnne Underwood, Brad Miller Transfers to ENA/EIM/EGM ENA =01) Mark Wadlington, Jennifer Blay-Smith, Georgian Landau, Kathryn Bus= sell,=20 John Coleman, Steven Gillespie, Clarissa Garcia, Ina Rangel, Farouk Lalji,= =20 Eva Rainer, Chuchu Wang, Smith Day EGM =01) Gloria Solis, Carmella Jones, Nancy Haralson LEGAL STUFF The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietar= y=20 to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only= =20 and should not be disclosed outside of Enron. 
Virginia, Please reserve a spot for me at the Pig Out Luncheon on 3/15. Thank you. Daren 
Daren let's look at these this weekend!  Love you Me Pictures of Hunter and Cole: http://abacustech.net/pictures/01-24_Hook's_Airport Pictures of Jill, Susan and Tonya: http://abacustech.net/pictures/01-30_Gayle_Shower Pictures of Ram,Jill,Hunter: http://abacustech.net/pictures/01-30_Jill-Ram-Hunter Pictures of our new house: http://abacustech.net/pictures/02-03_17611_Loring_Lane ________________________________________________________________ YOU'RE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR THE INTERNET! Juno now offers FREE Internet Access! Try it today - there's no risk!  For your FREE software, visit: http://dl.www.juno.com/get/tagj. 
(See attached file: hpl0812.xls) 
By the way, the work request number is 588. 09:25 AM --------------------------- Matthew Meyers 04/17/2002 08:31 AM Greetings, Thank you for running the program to determine if any of the strikes in the Excel sheet intersect the point shown below. Matt Meyers Search area centered: Latitude:    32.4209 degrees (32 deg  25.254 min) Longitude:    100.2266 degrees (-100 deg  13.597 min) Radius:     15 miles Start time:    6 April 2002 (12:00 noon local) End time:    7 April 2002 (12:00 noon local) Time zone:    The site is in Central time Label:  Turbine 49 08:53 AM --------------------------- William Brooks <wbrooks@glatmos.com> on 04/16/2002 12:57:10 PM Mr. Meyers, Your report is attached as a pdf format map and an Excel format spreadsheet containing lightning details. PLEASE NOTE: The search time requested in this report spans the daylight savings time switch-over (2am on April 7, 2002).  The data in this report was generated and expressed exclusively in Central Standard Time. Please contact Sheryl McCrary or me with any questions. Best regards, -- William Brooks Data Analyst Vaisala-GAI Inc. (formerly Global Atmospherics, Inc.) 2705 E. Medina Road, Tucson, AZ  85706 USA Tel: 520.806.7371 Fax: 520.741.2848 E-mail: wbrooks@glatmos.com Division Website: www.LightningStorm.com Corporate Website: www.vaisala.com 
Mark (E) - Attached are some of my comments, without review from the others.  I did read the rest of the TPA, and have some comments which I can send your way, or speak with over the phone (probably a better method). Thanks, Ilan 
11:36 AM --------------------------- Joe Chapman 03/07/2002 10:57 AM The attached PDF file contains the latest 1.5 Faults and the Timers which are initiated. If there is a "- - - -" in the 1.5 column, the Fault is not used. Ron 09:36 AM --------------------------- Klaus Holtel@TWTDE 03/07/2002 09:29 AM It is all described in the attached document: 07.03.2002 18:25 --------------------------- Ronald Brzezinski@ENRON am 07.03.2002 18:18:31 An: REC-SCADA Kopie: Kim Nguyen/EWC/Enron@Enron Thema: Re: Availability Calculation.ENG.DOC Klaus, I need to know which Timer is started for each of the following Fault/Status messages, for example, Downtime, Weather Out, Line out, External Stop, etc. This information is not in the older version of the VisuPro manual. Thank you. Ron 
Trent data  StatDat and Errdev  thru 02/25/2002 is on the network. JR 
Hi Mark, Here is the answer to your question about the undocumented fault messages (those without text descriptions). They should not influence the statistical counters ("turbine OK" still increments after the faults occur) and do not effect the behavior of the turbine. -Garth 11:09 AM --------------------------- Till Hoffmann/DEVELOP/TWT/DE@TWTDE, Clemens W"ste/DEVELOP/TWT/DE@TWTDE Hi Garth, we don't know the reason for these 'fault' appearances, yet. It has to do with the communication between PC and PLC. But : it did not influence the status of the turbine, neither it shuts down, nor downtime counts up. In version 1x629 the solve the problem, but the real cause is not solves, until now. Clemens will work on it. What's the time schedule for updating V1x629 ? Best regards and nice weekend Gert. Gert Torbohm/DEVELOP/TWT/DE@TWTDE, Till Hoffmann/DEVELOP/TWT/DE@TWTDE, Klaus Holtel/DEVELOP/TWT/DE@TWTDE Hallo Zusammen, I received a document from our operations department that shows the occurence of faults at the Mill Run site for the month of April. There are a number of "undocumented" fault/status messages that are logged frequently: "EM247" 102 times "EM242" 102 times "EM238" 101 times "EM237" 101 times "EM235" 101 times "EM312" 56 times "EM280" 56 times "EM248" 56 times "EM304" 52 times "EM272" 52 times "EM311" 51 times "EM306" 51 times "EM302" 51 times "EM301" 51 times "EM299" 51 times "EM279" 51 times "EM274" 51 times "EM270" 51 times "EM240" 51 times "EM269" 50 times "EM267" 50 times Most of these fault were logged on turbine 5 and turbine 6 (with a few on turbine 7). They are not distributed between all the turbines but isolated on a few. The major question that that operations asked me was which production statistic timer was incremented when these conditions were logged. My guess is that since none of these stop the turbine that the "OK" timer continued to increment. Is this correct? The question that I have is: what is causing so many of these messages in the log? Do these status messages have any specific meaning? According to the documentation there are only about 220 messages that have descriptions in the error list data base (in VisuPro v1.27.0.0). Where are the other messages coming from? (This is version 13527 Bachmann software.) I think this issue was brought up several months ago but I don't think we got any additional information. Gru?, Garth 
Hi Mark, I discussed the issue of releasing fault related information to our customers (specifically, Zilka) with Kevin. We feel that the information about which statistical counters increment during specific faults can be released to them. When it comes to specific faults and the circumstances under which they occur, the only documentation that goes into any detail is the controller document published by the controls group in Rheine. We don't want to release the entire document (for obvious reasons) and the information on the cause of the faults and related parametes is in the above mentioned document. (We got the information for the "Error identification" column from Section 2.2 of "Software Description EW1.5 Bachmann-M1".)To interpret this information, they would also need the parameter list and we do have parameter lists specific to Mill Run and Somerset that are being released through document control this week. (I've attached a master parameter list that is not specific to a given site. The values in this list may not be exactly the same as the actual settings at Mill Run/Somerset). (This document can be released to the customer) (This document can be released BUT it is not specific to the customer's site. The site specific lists scheduled to be released this week...) (You can use this to answer specific questions that the customer has but DO NOT release this to the customer- for internal use only.) I hope this information helps out in your discussion with Zilka. -Garth 
In order to expedite the speed of network response in the days when we had hubs instead of switches IT/Spohn set up the cabling between my computer and Mark Fisher's computer and the network servers so they didn't go through the hub like they did for all other users.    In the current rewiring of the building will Mark and I be changed to a cabling configuration more typical of all other users down here?   This info will help us do limited elimination of causes for network problems before we call IT with future problems. 
Matt, Can you give us an update on the downloading of the Curtailment file? Thanks, JD AM --------------------------- Jeff Duff 07/03/2002 01:08 PM Matt, Just a reminder to down load the CURTAIL200206.DB file from the curtailment computer. JD PM --------------------------- Jeff Duff 06/19/2002 02:02 PM Matt, Here are the direction for down loading the curtailment file on the curtailment computer.  We need the following file. CURTAIL200205.DB We will need to grab this file each month, and were planing to put together a SUB to document the procedure.  If you don't need a SUB let me know. This should be a very temporary situation since we will be pushing the curtailment data onto the SQL server that should be at the site next week.  I currently have plans to travel to the site on Wed. 26th for the morning and early afternoon. Let me know if there are any questions. The curtailment program's log file "CURTAILyyyymm.DB", is stored on the computer running the curtailment software. At Desert Sky (Indian Mesa/Clear Sky) this is the second park computer.  IP address: 192.168.0.253 On this computer the database files is stored in "C:\Visupro\TrbCurtail\" folder. Jeff Duff 
Hi Mark, I received the data for Trent ATP, I copied the files to your folder "Mark F" on the transfer server. Regards, Alaadin 
Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF Stephen Thome@ECT 06/20/2000 04:20 PM Rose/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Bill Votaw@ECT, Jerry D Martin/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Arnold L Eisenstein/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron@Enron, Lorraine Lindberg/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Kevin Hyatt/ET&S/Enron@Enron, Christopher F Calger/PDX/ECT@ECT Here are some peaker data points: Two LM6000's in simple cycle configuration can be installed for between $43 m and $50 m, providing a total of 80 MW.  Looking at a 10 year deal, there is no way to recoup this value and ENA would not be willing to take the back 10 years on its books without an offtaker.  If EES or DOE were willing to step up for 20 years, there might be an opportunity.   Assuming a 9700 heat rate, $3 per MWh O&M, and NYMEX plus $0.39 for gas, the spread option for a peaker at 4 Corners would be worth between $33 m and $47 m.  The first number represents the intrinsic value, and the second is inclusive of an option premium.  ENA's desk (EPMI) would pay somewhere in between.  Having just inquired with the desk regarding their appetite for taking positions (short 65 MW, long 80 MW) in Albuquerque, they were luke warm.  Considering transmission constraints into Albuquerque, their bid offer spread might run the range of the extrinsic value on the 65 MW load. Depending on site conditions (available infrastructure), a barebones LM6000 plant could make economic sense.  The plant host would likely need to pay some sort of premium for generation reliability.  EES could sell fixed priced energy with a reliability premium to the DOE.  ENA would back-to-back the EES contract, managing market price risk and economically optimizing the peaker. As a stand-alone market play, a peaker is marginal at best.  By receiving value for reliability, the project might have merit.  Based on the thin margins, I am skeptical that we would want to build a plant larger than the host's load... that is more MW than that amount on which we could expect to receive some sort of demand charge.  Ultimately, the demand charge needs to make up the shortfall between EPMI's swap value and the cost of the plant. Steve Rose/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Bill Votaw@ECT, Jerry D Martin/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Arnold L Eisenstein/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ECT, Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron@Enron, Lorraine Lindberg/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Kevin Hyatt/ET&S/Enron@Enron Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" section of his memo: 1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system? 2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant. Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit? 3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output into the grid only when profit opportunities arose? 4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and reward? John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis in Steve's memo, however. Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions. DF Stephen Thome@ECT 06/16/2000 06:12 PM Martin/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Arnold L Eisenstein/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven Harris@ENRON, Drew Fossum@ENRON, Lorraine Lindberg@ENRON John's proposed plant costs are consistent with what we have seen for our ongoing LM6000 development.   I have priced 130 MW at Four Corners  assuming Permian gas plus 50 cents for transport.  This also assumes $4.70 per MWh for O&M and an 8000 heat rate. For an hourly 7x24 product, the intrinsic value of the gas-power swap is $52.5 million on a 20 year deal, well below the $108 million estimate of constructing the facility.  A ten year swap is worth only $42 million (NPV = -66 m ).  That implies a market mid-price of $34 per MWh levelized over the period. Using the ENA Power and Gas structuring model and curves, we can determine the following: 1.  New build gas turbines cannot compete against the New Mexico market on price. 2.  LM6000 CCGT efficiency gain does not pay for HRSG and ST over a ten year period. However: 1.  Transmission constraints could create market value in Albuquerque that does not exist at Four Corners. 2.  ENA's power prices typically undersell the market. 3.  Commodity pricing does not accurately value capacity or reliability in constrained markets. If Enron wants to do a deal in Albuquerque, we should be selling capacity and reliability.  Given the number of power- critical industries in the area, we could look at siting several remote units at different locations in the city.  Numerous chip manufacturing facilities and the Kirtland base could support several LM6000's for power reliability that is specific to their installations. I might also suggest that peaking units would have advantages over CCGT units.  Existing generation already provides ample baseload supply, however, the production of peak and intermediate energy is not necessarily well suited to existing units.  LM6000's have exceptionally good ramp rates that provide real value to a utility customer.  Not only can the HRSG/ST hinder the flexibility of the units, it can add substantial capital and operating expense with little real market benefit. We should also explore the ability to schedule load.  If the DOE wants to peak for a test, would it be willing or able to schedule a test for the off-peak hours?  Under those circumstances, we might be able to cut them a break on power and provide reliability of supply. Steve Thome 503-464-3708 John M Rose@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/15/2000 06:53 PM Bill, Yesterday, we decided to look at two options for Pueblo; a 60 MW case and a 140 MW case.  In order to match these outputs as closely as possible with available equipment, I made the following selections: Case 1 Equipment     3 X GE LM 2500 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 X 22 MW Steam Turbine Generator Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   67 MW Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  73.4 MW Heat Rate at avg. conditions  8170 Btu/kWh (HHV) Case 2 Equipment     3 X GE LM 6000 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 X 44 MW Steam Turbine Generator Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   130 MW Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  143.7 MW Heat Rate at avg. conditions  7900 Btu/kWh (HHV) There is a wide fluctuation in ambient temperature in Albuquerque and I sized the blocks based on 95 deg F but used the annual average output at 60 deg F for estimating power sales.  I have attached files that show the build-up of the estimated EPC price for the plants. The required power prices are projected in a simple-minded economics file attached.  The projections are based on: 70% debt financing at 10% rate. 10-year project and debt life. 8500 hours per year at average output (97% capacity factor). Gas at $4.40/MMBtu. The results turn out pretty much as anticipated.  Even with the larger plant, we'd have to sell the power for over 6c/kWh. 
I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC's questions without deferring any to other people.  Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on so far.  You don't need to be an expert on all that, but a basic understanding of what they have already looked at will help you be more responsive to what they want to ask you about.  If you do get stumped, try to defer the question by telling FERC you need to check on a fact or two and can answer that question after a break or at the end of the interview.  By doing that , you should be able to get them the information they need without having them cross examine a bunch of other people.  Inevitably, if you ask enough people the same question, you may start getting different answers. Lee, I'd like you to be on the phone call with Ray, Keith and Gary to discuss generally what to be ready for and what FERC has already looked at.  Please let me know if anyone has any concerns about this approach.  DF 03:10 PM --------------------------- Concklin/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Chandler/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Mary Kay Miller/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Rod Hayslett/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Vincent Strohmeyer/ET&S/Enron@ENRON the interviews to be conducted in Omaha. Please note that they have asked to meet with Keith Petersen and Ray Smith on an individual basis.  If the FERC deems it necessary, they will interview individuals that report to them. 
pls print.  thanks. df 02:06 PM --------------------------- Nancy Bagot 01/26/2001 09:55 AM =20 Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Robert Kilmer/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Janet=20 Butler/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Dari Dornan/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Glen=20 Hass/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Bambi Heckerman/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Frazier=20 King/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Teb Lokey/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Dorothy=20 McCoppin/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Ray Neppl/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Maria=20 Pavlou/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Janet Place/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Michele=20 Winckowski/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Tennessee Tech. Conference on Order 637 including Hourly Firm Service January 24, 2000 Though the conference was billed as a combo of Order 637 and Hourly Firm=20 Service (FT-H rate schedule), Order 637 issues were not discussed.  Tenness= ee=20 did a recap of where they are in that proceeding and explained how proposed= =20 changes to daily balancing impact FT-H. =20 Basic Description of FT-H ? The target audience of the FT-H is combined cycle base load generation, n= ot=20 necessarily peaker plants, though the service is available to all shippers.= ? FT-H will be generally available capacity subject to an NPV open season. = =20 Contractual rights assigned to FT-H are firm daily quantities that can be= =20 nominated hourly as 1/18 to 1/4 of the daily quantity. =20 ? FT-H shippers must specify a 12-hour daily service period for MHQ=20 eligibility (i.e., 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.) and daily receipt quantities hav= e=20 e to match delivery quantities on a contract basis (not necessarily on a fl= ow=20 basis). =20 ? Nominations have a one hour start-up and shut-down time. =20 ? Balancing is the same as regular firm with no hourly balancing charges ? Rates are analogous to storage charges, with three components:=20 deliverability rate (hourly, 70%), capacity rate (daily, 30%), commodity=20 charge (based on flow). Summary With only lukewarm support of the proposal at the conference, Tennessee wil= l=20 gather and send some clarifying material out to parties, but will also thin= k=20 about pulling the service at this time.  If they do continue with the FT-H= =20 proposal, the pipeline will file a modified proposal in two weeks with=20 comments due in mid-March.  There may be a follow up conference to be=20 scheduled at a later date.  A FERC order on the filing must be issued by=20 mid-May. FERC Staff stated that they prefer to keep Tennessee=01,s order 637 proceed= ing=20 (RP00-477) separate from FT-H (RP01-81).  Tennessee met with customers on 6= 37=20 issues the following day (Jan. 24th) and will file a letter on their proces= s=20 going forward in RP00-477 by January 31st. Discussion After Tennessee=01,s explanation of the FT-H service, Staff asked questions= =20 about the impact of hourly service on other services, and began by asking i= f=20 Tennessee could make public any modeling or service studies done to determi= ne=20 the impact of FT-H on other points (Staff noted that this analysis or=20 transparent modeling should be filed for transparency).  This opened the=20 debate about =01&historical operation,=018 which is the focal point of exis= ting=20 shipper concern.  Shippers define historical operation as that they=01,ve= =20 received over time; Tennessee maintains that current tariff entitlements as= =20 contracted define current service, excluding enhanced services that may hav= e=20 been offered when available. LDCs are concerned with losing these =01&enhanced=018 historical services a= nd argue=20 that their contracts were signed so long ago that many of the services they= =20 use now were not available or defined then, and some, such as pressure,=20 wouldn=01,t be acceptable today as written in their contracts.  At the hear= t of=20 the matter, LDCs have become accustomed to access to more than 1/24 of thei= r=20 MDQ in an hour and do not want their capacity to be defined as such.  Also,= =20 there is concern over nomination priority using NPV to compete with FT-H. = =20 Other LDC concerns: =20 ? Preferences to secondary rights to FT-H over FT-A, ? Ability of FT-A to get MDQ on peak, ? NPV will bias against FT-A (Tennessee explained that a max rate FT-A=20 shipper wins over FT-H because of total hourly capacity). Generators, the alleged primary customer for this service, were lukewarm in= =20 their responses.  Calpine and Dynegy said that they=01,d likely stick to FT= -A=20 for their plants.  Though they encouraged FERC to accept the service, they= =20 were not convincing that they=01,d sign up for it today. =20 Dynegy detailed a list of concerns and issues with the service: ? Dynegy=01,s not interested in the 12-hour designated block of time, they = need=20 more flexibility, ? Ramp up time isn=01,t adequate, ? Rates are too heavily weighted toward demand side, ? Service needs to be somehow standardized for capacity release and=20 e-commerce, ? Penalty rates should not be based on power prices,=20 ? Third parties should be able to offer this in competition with Tennessee ? Offer FT-H as a seasonal service. 
pls print with emails.  thanks df 04:36 PM --------------------------- You probably need to look at this.This only addresses expenditure approval and does not address "execution" authority. Sometimes non VPs believe that if they can approve the expenditure then they can sign contracts in connection with the expenditure even in the absence of a power of attorney. Accordingly it might be wise to expand the "Delegation" section of this policy. Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2001 1:53 PM Steve; Kinningham, Laura; Lowry, Phil; McCarty, Danny; Meyer, Rockford; Moran, Michael P.; Prentice, James; Smith, Gary; White, Julia Rita; Jolibois, Anne; Mann, Ruth; O'Neill, Virginia; Perry, Carolyn; Sellers, Emily; Stark, Cindy; Winters, Ricki Please review and provide comments to myself and/or Lisa Sutton. Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2001 10:36 AM David; Cherry, Paul; Brassfield, Morris; Fenstad, Larry; Brasher, Barney; Clements, David; Concklin, Elaine; Chandler, Bob; Cobb, John; Wiederholt, Patricia; Fancler, Dan; Lev, Jennifer; Geaccone, Tracy; Gilbert, Steve; Keiser, John; Meers, Thomas; Barnes, Caroline; Stern, Ellis FYI, based on comments received, attached is the draft which will be distributed to Stan's direct reports for comments. We plan to have the policy in place before the end of March. 
Yes.  Thanks.  DF Cherry/GPGFIN/Enron@ENRON, Ted Chavez/GPGFIN/Enron@ENRON Augie Shouse of V&E is coming over here at 3 tomorrow.  Dari, I'll dial you in.  Kent--do you want to be involved?  Paul, could you and Ted join us at 3 to talk about the credit/guarantee issues?  Hopefully we'll know more by then about where TCEM is coming from.  DF 
Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi. Thanks. DF Hass/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Mary Darveaux/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Drew Fossum@ENRON, Lorraine Lindberg/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Spoke with PNM's counsel (Jay Golub) this morning.  He recognizes that PNM needs to get the relevant info to FERC in some form or fashion and would like us to tell him who at FERC is assigned to this proceeding so that he can talk with them, find out what exactly they need, etc.  He said they would probably be willing to send FERC something in writing if it might eliminate the need for a technical conference.  Donna--as I've indicated in my voice mail to you, just let me know who Jay needs to contact, and I'll call him back. Thanks. sstojic@gbmdc.com Fossum@ENRON Drew, Susan, Frank K/Steve S.   can we have Donna check next Monday after Dynegy has withdrawn, whether we still need the Tech Conf? Darveaux/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Drew Fossum@ENRON FYI 02:31 PM --------------------------- SETO@Dynegy.com on 06/15/2000 02:18:08 PM (See attached file: rp00-249.now.set.doc) This is what I plan to file today. 
pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF 04:13 PM --------------------------- Miller/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Glen Hass/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Mary Darveaux/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, sstojic@gbmdc.com Here is the latest draft of the filing for transport options.  Significant changes include: - added definition of Counterparty - added captions and reorganized the filing to more clearly reflect compliance with 154.202 - included an explanation of how the option fee will be part of a negotiated rate - added an example of how options will work I think we need to decide whether we are better off with the type of option fee explanation I have in this draft, or whether we should instead state the fee will be market based, and include an explanation that, pursuant to the Commission's discussion in Order 637, market based rates are appropriate because we are going to commit to an open season process that will be nondiscriminatory and that will ensure we aren't withholding capacity from the market. Can we have a conference call to discuss your comments this week?  I will have Janet call to determine your availability. 
I assume you already know this...... Savett Frutkin Podell & Ryan, P.C. Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against Azurix Corp. MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2000 5:27:00 PM EST PHILADELPHIA, Oct 26, 2000 AZX ("Azurix" or the "Company") at artificially inflated prices during the period June 9, 1999 through August 8, 2000 and traceable to Azurix's Initial Public Offering ("Class Period") and who were damaged thereby. If you are a member of the proposed Class, you should contact this firm at the telephone number or address below. If you wish to be appointed lead plaintiff in this action you must file a motion with the Court no later December 12, 2000. Class members must meet certain legal requirements to serve as a lead plaintiff. If you purchased Azurix common stock during the Class Period or have questions or information regarding this action or your rights, you may call or write Barbara A. Podell, Adam Savett or Renee C. Nixon, of Savett Frutkin Podell & Ryan. P.C. at 800/993-3233 or via e-mail at sfprpc@op.net. The complaint charges Azurix and certain of its senior officers and directors with violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Sections 10(b) and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint also charges Enron Corp. as a controlling person under Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants disseminated to the investing public false and misleading financial statements and press releases concerning the Company's publicly reported financial condition and future prospects. The complaint further alleges that defendants issued to the public on or about June 9, 1999, in connection with the Company's initial public offering, a false and misleading registration statement and prospectus. These documents touted the Company's primary business strategy - acquiring, owning, operating and managing large privatization w ater supply and wastewater projects. However, through a series of partial disclosures beginning on March 30, 2000 and ending on August 8, 2000, it was revealed that several large privatization projects were already postponed or canceled at or near the time of the IPO. As a result of defendants' misrepresentations the price of Azurix common stock was artificially inflated throughout the Class Period. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all purchasers of Azurix common stock during the Class Period. The plaintiff is represented by Savett Frutkin Podell & Ryan, P.C. which has extensive experience representing shareholders in class actions and has successfully recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for defrauded investors and shareholders. The reputation and expertise of the firm in shareholder and other class action litigation has been repeatedly recognized by the courts, which have appointed the firm to major positions in complex class action litigations. CONTACT:           SAVETT FRUTKIN PODELL & RYAN, P.C. URL:               http://www.businesswire.com with Hyperlinks to your home page. Copyright (C) 2000 Business Wire. All rights reserved. 
Thanks, dude.  Have a great holiday! Scott/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Keith Petersen/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Ronald Matthews/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Rod Hayslett/FGT/Enron@ENRON, James Centilli/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Looks good--I'm faxing some minor comments.  Give George my best!  DF Jeffery Fawcett 11/21/2000 01:17 PM Hyatt/ET&S/Enron@Enron Matthews/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Rod Hayslett/FGT/Enron@ENRON, James Centilli/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Attached for your review and comment is a broad outline of a rate proposal to Caithness for the construction and operation of the 40-mile lateral to the Big Sandy project.  This non-binding proposal was requested by Caithness' consultant, George Briden, as a starting point for modeling the economics of the project's gas supply and a basis for further discussions aimed at designing an appropriate deal structure.  For your information, James Centilli calculated the transport rate based on the (+/- 30%) $20.33MM cost estimate with a ten-year (contract) amortization. I plan to put this in the mail by the close of business tomorrow.  If you have any suggestions, please let me hear from you by mid-day.   Thanks. 
http://www.consultrci.com Editor's Note: I am extremely pleased to see today's launch of SourceBook Weekly. Every Monday morning, SourceBook Weekly will provide analytical summaries of the key issues facing the energy industry, ensuring that you stay inform= ed of the developments that are impacting your business. Within SourceBook Weekly, we are tracking the full array of issues related to the energy industry: deregulation, trading, T&D, generation, new technologies,=20 e-commerce, and international privatization (just to name a few). I have managed SourceBook as a monthly print publication for the past three years. By transforming the publication into a weekly e-zine, I can continue to guarantee that SourceBook Weekly brings you the information you need, when you need it. You can be assured that, as major news and issues develop in the energy industry, SourceBook Weekly will be covering them with the in-depth analytical perspective you've come to expect. Best regards, Will McNamara Director, Electric Industry Analysis wmcnamara@scientech.com http://www.consultrci.com The following are the titles of the articles appearing in this SourceBook Weekly Issue. Today's IssueAlert follows these SourceBook Weekly hotlinks. SourceBook Weekly December 4, 2000 Issue:=20 http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html MISO: WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF THE MIDWESTERN TRANSMISSION GRID? The Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator (MISO) has been in a state of flux as of late, as its expansion efforts have taken some dramat= ic turns with major players announcing to withdraw from membership. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html FERC UNDER FIRE: CALIFORNIA IOUS RESPOND TO PROPOSED ORDER WITH SHARP=20 CRITICISM The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's (FERC's) concession that the market rules and structure for wholesale of electricity in California are "flawed" resulted in a 77-page proposal early in November to repair the situation. The reaction from California's three investor-owned utilities (IOUs) was immediate and overwhelmingly critical. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html ESSENTIAL.COM PARTNERS WITH SHELL: ALLIANCE MAY PROVIDE EDGE OVER UTILITY.C= OM In a small step forward for its Internet energy services, Essential.com has partnered up with Shell Energy to offer a lower-cost natural-gas choice to customers of Atlanta Gas Light. It appears that both companies will benefit immensely from the partnership, but in very different ways. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html ALLEGHENY ENERGY: FORGING AHEAD IN GENERATION DEAL WITH ENRON Allegheny Energy's recently announced purchase of three gas-fired merchant plants from Enron North America reaffirms its strategy of expanding its geographic footprint and strengthening its unregulated generation capabilit= y. "contractual" rather than "physical" assets. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html ENERGY PRIVATIZATION IN MEXICO: THE FUTURE RESTS IN THE HANDS OF A NEW ADMINISTRATION Energy privatization and the future of electric supply and demand are issue= s to be dealt with by Mexico's new president, Vicente Fox, as he took over the helm of the country on Dec. 1. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS CONTINUES SPIN-OFF TREND Williams is planning a spin-off of its Williams Communications (NYSE: WCG) subsidiary, which should take effect the first part of next year. http://www.consultrci.com/web/rciweb.nsf/Web+Pages/SBEntrance.html =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH IssueAlert, December 5, 2000 Trends for Commodity Trading, Supply Chain Exchanges Explored at Conference By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Approximately 200 industry executives were in attendance at the first day of the Energy Exchanges Online conference, held Monday through Wednesday of this week in Scottsdale, Ariz. The conference was presented by London-ba= sed EyeforEnergy. In morning keynote presentations from Mark Crosno, executive vice president of Altra Energy Technologies, and Keith Butler, COO,=20 DukeSolutions, issues of how deregulation and the Internet have spawned a new species=01*t= he e-utility=01*were discussed. A key focus of the conference was the growing focus on online exchanges and how the entire value chain for the wholesale energy market is being impacted by new technologies. ANALYSIS: I attended and also spoke on a panel discussion during the first day of this conference. What I found particularly noteworthy about the dialogue taking place was that, despite participation from diverse sectors of the energy industry=01*utilities, regulators, consultants, ESPs, IT=20 infrastructure providers, and others=01*several key points were reiterated throughout the discussion. First, there is little doubt left that e-commerce and new technologies are changing the entire complexion of the energy industry. Resulting from that dynamic, energy companies presently find themselves in a transformatio= n related to how they will and should conduct their businesses. While new technologies certainly offer new opportunities for companies to expand information and services that already exist in an electronic form, question= s still remain about how much the market itself will bear in terms of buildin= g new online exchanges for e-commerce. As noted, the conference focused on online exchanges. Within my presentatio= n, I discussed that essentially four different kinds of exchanges have emerged within the last 20 months: supply chain, commodity trading, transmission, and retail exchanges. A supply chain exchange exists primarily to line up buyers and sellers of parts related to the energy industry, with the end goals of lower product prices and procurement processing costs, exposur= e to a worldwide audience, and shorter order and fulfillment cycles. A commod= ity trading exchange exists for companies engaged in bulk wholesale trading to buy and sell energy packages. A new form of exchange is emerging with transmission exchanges. We don't know a whole lot about them yet, but a group of utilities in the Midwest recently proposed a transmission exchange that would "be the electronic clearinghouse of information flow around transmission assets and the market." How a transmission exchange would correlate with an RTO=01*which also manages transmission flow=01*is not yet= Finally, the retail online providers could also be considered a form of exchange in that they are operating exclusively across the Internet. With that established, several key issues will rise to the forefront in 2001 as many exchanges finally come online and the new business segment enters its second year. First and foremost, establishing neutrality seems to be the primary challenge. Questions were raised at the conference about trading exchanges established by a proprietary participant that is involved in every buy or sell on that particular exchange. The general consensus among those present at the conference was that, although concerns about neutrality have not prevented exchanges such as EnronOnline from becoming very successful, regulatory pressure from the FTC may eventually make=20 neutrality a requirement. In addition, when given a choice over various exchanges on which to participate, the sense that I got from the dialogue was that traders would arguably prefer to participate on an exchange where issues of disclosing competitive information are not a concern. The second trend as we move forward is liquidity. With regard to commodity exchanges, what participants want and what makes an exchange the most=20 successful is liquidity (meaning, essentially, the amount of transactions on the excha= nge and, consequently, the opportunity to access beneficial deals). A point that I made in my presentation is that the larger exchanges naturally seem to have the most liquidity. Again, the example of EnronOnline, which=20 reportedly has now logged over $200 billion in transactions, cannot be overlooked. This raises the question of whether or not smaller exchanges will even find opportunities to move into such a saturated market. As a result, a related trend that I see is the consolidation of existing exchanges, along with a blending of current business models into one exchange format. As companies realize that it is already fairly late in the game to be building an exchange, the smart move may be to join or merge with an already-existin= g format. I think we will also see multiple exchanges merging into one to gain a lock on various market niches. The third trend that should emerge over the next year is the separation of commodities. Traders will want the flexibility of having separate platfo= rms for different commodities, including power, natural gas, bandwidth, etc. Dynegydirect is already moving in that direction by offering separate tradi= ng floors that allow traders to group products in a customized way. I think we will see more and more of this trend as traders demand this option. The trends I mentioned here have focused mostly on commodity trading. That is primarily due to the fact that we simply don't know enough about how several prominent supply chain exchanges will operate. Enporion just last week logged its first transactions (five reverse auctions in which UGI was the buyer of natural gas). Pantellos still has another month or so before it comes online. Of course, there are many smaller supply chain exchanges like UtilityFrontier (municipal-oriented), RAPIDpartsmart and Bex.com, but the general consensus at the conference was that all supply chain exchanges will need to provide significant cost savings for=20 participants, and that has yet to be universally demonstrated. Most observers of this particular trend are reserving judgment until next year when real-time results are disclosed. Moreover, the evolving energy marketplace is providing many new opportuniti= es for energy companies to redefine themselves and develop new business models= . However, much of the water that energy companies may be venturing into is uncharted territory. The risks and competition associated with building an online exchange can be formidable, and may dissuade some energy companie= s from developing in that direction. The question is, as we move further down the path of an e-based energy industry, can energy companies avoid participation in some form of an exchange? As always, the answer will proba= bly be found along the bottom line, which for many of these exchanges should emerge sometime over the next year. =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full name and email address or register directly at: http://www.consultrci.com/web/infostore.nsf/Products/IssueAlert =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert and SourceBook Weekly should be sent to wmcnamara@scientech.com =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20 SCIENTECH consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpos= e in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective regard= ing the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues. Copyright 2000.  SCIENTECH, Inc. If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, pleas= e reply to this message and type "delete" in the subject line. 
Thanks, same to you. I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes. 
Julie:  Thanks.  Let me know when you know something different. 
AM --------------------------- DownloadsDirect@news.artistdirect.com on 01/20/2000 06:11:23 PM Please respond to DownloadsDirectInsiders@news.artistdirect.com Hey music fans! There's new downloads fresh today! Yum: Aimee Mann - graceful, pretty and nominated for a Golden Globe (NEW!) Smashing Pumpkins - Billy and James return to their hard-rock roots Vent - listen for these guys on modern rock radio real soon (NEW!) Counting Crows - 2 spirited live tracks: Rain King and Angels of the Silences Ice Cube - a true party track from one of South Central's finest Bjork - ethereal track from Being John Malkovitch Elliott Smith - rare B-side from the best guy-with-guitar songwriter around Get 'em while they're crisp and juicy at http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633ky033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z More yum, featured on our genre pages: Electronic: Distortionbomb, Vincy, DJ Allstar, DJ Edel, Boo Maga, K-Rad (NEW!) http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633kz033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z Hip Hop/R&B: Self Scientific, Anthem (NEW!) http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633k_033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z Pop: Chimera Project, Mularkee, Prey for Raine, Ajatano, Darwins Waiting Room (NEW!) http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633k$033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z Rock: Hydrofoil, Rebreather, Bonita Down$, Shudderbug (NEW!) http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633l0033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z Alternative: Scarnella (Carla and Nels from the Geraldine Fibbers), Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Haywood, Kris Woolsey, Low, Juno, Bjork, Wasabi http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633l1033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z Upload your broken heart: For Valentine's Day, we want your love songs (and love-gone-wrong songs)! Whether he makes you feel like a natural woman or, like J. Geils, you think Love Stinks, upload your love song mp3s to the UBL. You'll be up for our Valentine's Day special. Get the upload lowdown here: http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633l2033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuC z If you don't want to learn about new uploads when they hit the Downloads Direct street, you can unsubscribe here: http://news.artistdirect.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/mcp?p=633l334C833kw48I3l01200mnu9W nuCz Please do not remove this tracking code annmn:[633kw033kw48I3l01200mnu9WnuCz] 
The call tomorrow is to discuss legal strucutre of the ECA and is not a numbers call.  We will need plenty of number soon though so please proceed. Thanks Tracee Bersani@ECT 12/14/2000 02:10 PM Powell/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Richard A Lammers/SA/Enron@Enron All, We may need to have some sensitivities ready when we meet with the Lenders tomorrow on the ECA.  In preparation for this, Felipe and I running the Bank Model for the different cases listed in the attachment below. Please review and provide comments on: (1) accuracy of the Revised Base Case (A1) Assumptions (2) the likelihood and reasonableness of the various cases (3) answers to the items noted in Red Regards, Tracee 
Per John Whited, Effective May 1st, 2000: Aristech will be managed by Strategic Energy (Hans Rottman.... former CES employee... who originally got this account). Enron will no longer do the agency nominations for Aristech. Jesse/Cindy/John; please check if the term supply deal from Columbia Gulf for Aristech goes  past April 30, 2000. Scott/Chris/Jeff/John; please determine how you want to handle the release of Aristech's transport to CES in May 2000. Special Note: This concludes all agency deals that Enron TCO staff was scheduling for CES. There are no more agency deals. 
Angie, this is not anything to worry about right now.  When you estimate your flowing volumes for May, you need to decrease the total volume at Hastings by 3000 dth.  I will try to remind you. Kim, please send me an AMTEL at 1:00pm on 4/24/2000  "REMIND ANGIE TO REDUCE HASTINGS BY 3,000 FOR MAY" AM --------------------------- Barkowsky/HOU/ECT@ECT These meters were all at Hastings agg point. Chris Germany@ECT 03/07/2000 12:39 PM Barkowsky/HOU/ECT@ECT Can you tell me which pools this impacts and how much by pool (hastings, Bridgeport ...) Germany/HOU/ECT@ECT, Gloria G Barkowsky/HOU/ECT@ECT FYI.  I received a letter today from Ed Arnold with Kriscott Inc. stating that they will be terminating their CNG gas contract effective 5/1/2000.  For volume purposes, his four meters produced about 3,000 dths a month.  Let me know if anyone wants a copy of the letter. Thanks, HG 
Send me a new download, I want to see if the changes worked. Thanks Darla Saucier@ENRON 05/09/2001 11:14 AM Any updates??? I added the demand charges but I still need one of my Transco schedulers to remove the volumes "actualized" on the 9th. Darla Saucier@ENRON 05/08/2001 09:12 AM Please let me know when you are finished with this. Thanks! 09:11 AM --------------------------- Jim Homco@ECT 05/04/2001 11:24 AM Mr. Germany - following are my notes per info Darla sent me: Invoice corrections: I will be back in on Wednesday. Thanks Darla for sending this - don't let Mr Germany - slack off next week. Darla Saucier@ENRON 05/04/2001 10:16 AM sorry! I think I referred someone to you that called me about Ormet.  Sorry!  I got confused about ormet/oglethorpe.  Bad Morning! Thanks Darla 
AM --------------------------- James T Javins@EES 07/28/2000 10:46 AM Chris: Any news on this bit of Columbia Gulf Transport as to ENA's desire to keep it.  They have it til August via the Columbia Energy Acquisition, and would like to renew it with ENA.  Milton Beatties number is 606-679-8812.  He would like to hear from somone today about this, whether yes or no. Jim 11:45 AM --------------------------- James T Javins 07/20/2000 01:16 PM Chris: Milton Beattie called me about this, and on the second call, he said this was currently being utilized by ENA via the Columbia Energy acquisition.  If ENA still wants this, could you have the appropriate party call Milton Beattie at the number below. Jim 01:14 PM --------------------------- James T Javins 07/13/2000 03:35 PM Murphy/HOU/EES@EES Willard Kinzer, via his wholly owned LDC Belfry Gas, has 142/day of firm transport available on 8/1/2000 for one year, which delivers into TCO.  He has released and sold this in the past, as he has his own supply that he uses to feed his Belfry Gas market.  (Kinzer is the largest independent producer in Kentucky, with about 18,000/day). His agent, Milton Beattie, would like to know if we want to bid on this small piece of firm transport.  He  can be reached at 1-606-679-8812. Call me or him if interested, and either way, please let me know. Jim 
David, Michelle Credit's concerns are adequately addressed in this executable.  We have no objection to sending it out. Paul Sent: Tuesday, May 15, 2001 5:11 PM Will, Lloyd; Curry, Mike; Radous, Paul; Day, Smith; Allen, Thresa; May, Tom; Bradford, William S.; Sager, Elizabeth Michelle -- As discussed, attached is a redlined and an execution copy of the New Power QSE Agreement, for your review and transmission onwards to New Power's Anoush Farhangi.  The document is being cc'd to the EPMI recipients you had designated.  For their benefit I direct their attention to the confidentiality obligations stated in Section 7.2:  in particular, EPMI will be under obligations to keep New Power's scheduling and settlements information confidential from EES and EES personnel. Michelle, please note to New Power that: (1) New Power still needs to fill in their contact/payments information on Schedule A. (2) the Enron Guarantee format was not referenced in the document as Schedule E and Schedule E was therefore eliminated.  Per the Credit Support Annex, each guarantee must be in a format acceptable to the other party.  (3) The lengthy ERCOT Calendar will be kept current on the MIS website, so it was not included as 'Attachment X' to the document. Please call me with any questions or comments. --David ______________________________________________________________________________ ___________________ Presto/HOU/ECT@ECT, Drew Tingleaf/ENRON@enronXgate, Doug Gilbert-Smith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mike Curry/ENRON@enronXgate, Lloyd Will/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tom May/Corp/Enron@Enron, Jeffrey Miller/NA/Enron@Enron, Smith L Day/HOU/ECT@ECT, Thresa A Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Portz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Paul Radous/ENRON@enronXgate, William S Bradford/ENRON@enronXgate  cc: I want to let you all know that we have reached agreement on the New Power QSE Agreement. We are finalizing the execution copy right now and will send it out this afternoon. Thanks for eveyone's input in this effort. Michelle 
(See attached file: Answers to PUCT January 5 questions2 through5 Jan19question3.doc) 03:37 PM --------------------------- "Jerry Ward" <gward1@txu.com> on 01/16/2001 03:21:46 PM OWG Members, The following set of responses to the request of the Commission Staff for examples of the operation and clearing of ancillary services markets have incorporated the comments that we received from ERCOT and members of the OWG. A new question from the Staff concerning load has been answered by Reliant. It is my understanding that these responses will be conveyed to the PUCT by Mark Walker on the 17th. If you have any comments please call me or Mark. Jerry Ward Cell 214-926-8637 Office 214-875-9254 
Attached, please find the third set of questions by the PUC Staff regarding the ERCOT Protocols.  Some of the questions in this set are from our Consultant, Dr. Shmuel Oren. See you on January 19 Technical Conference. Parviz Adib, Ph. D. Director of Market Oversight Division Public Utility Commission of Texas 1701 N. Congress Avenue P.O. Box 13326 Austin, Texas 78711-3326 Ph. No.: 512-936-7365 Fax No.: 512-936-7361 email: parviz.adib@puc.state.tx.us 
Attached please find the Status Report on "Do Not Call" List as filed with the PUCT today and the Revised Response to Question 4 to be filed with the PUCT tomorrow. <<Revised Response to PUCT Question 4 of Jan. 19 TC.doc>> Jessica M. Posey Legal Assistant Electric Reliability Council of Texas jposey@ercot.com     Phone: (512) 343-7289 x 227 Fax: (512) 343-8134 
The annual deferral program enrollment process is underway.  Enron's Bonus= =20 Stock Option and Bonus Phantom Stock Programs provide you with an opportuni= ty=20 to receive stock options and phantom stock in lieu of all or a portion of t= he=20 cash bonus you may receive during 2001.  =20 am=20 information is available on eHRonline.  To learn more about your deferral= =20 program opportunities and to enroll for 2001 deferrals, access eHRonline at= =20 http://ehronline.enron.com.  (Call the ISC Help Desk at 713-345-4727 if you= =20 need your ID or password to access the system.) 1. Review the program descriptions (attached to the Election Form) before y= ou=20 make your elections. 2. If you decide to defer compensation, complete the Election Form before= =20 Friday, December 8,  2000, 5:00 p.m. CST (the enrollment deadline). 3. Print your 2001 Election Form and Confirmation Statement right from the= =20 web site and you=01,re   finished!=20 If you would like to attend an employee meeting to learn more about these= =20 programs, following is a list of meeting dates, times, and locations: Wednesday, November 29  2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.   EB 5C2 Monday, December 4   9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.  The Forum (2 Allen Center, 12t= h=20 Fl.) Tuesday, December 5   2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.   EB 5C2 Wednesday, December 6   2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.   EB 5C2 Since seating is limited, please RSVP (leave a message for Diana Gutierrez= =20 (713-345-7077) confirming your name, phone number, and the meeting you wish= =20 to attend). DEFERRAL ENROLLMENT 2001--ADDED VALUE FOR YOUR FUTURE 
Attached please find a copy of Reliant's Brief filed today in Docket 23220. (See attached file: FinalBrief on Protocol Issues012601.doc) 
Additional CSC data has been posted in the Internet at the following address: ftp://ftp.ercot.com/CSCDATA/csc.htm Data from CSC2001Analysis.xls (in CSC2001Analysis.zip) has been further sorted out via text conversion, Access database and then exported into Excel format. The following files have been added: CSC_FirstPass_Map.ppt (Powerpoint)  : Map of ERCOT showing the "first pass" CSC zones LimitingElementsRanking.xls (Excel)   : Frequency count of a limiting element occurrence LimitingElementsWithConting.xls (Excel)   : List of limiting elements with their related contingencies Conting_ with_limiting_elements.xls (Excel)   : List of Contingencies with their related limiting elements All comments related to CSC issues: csccomments@ercot.com Jos, Conto Consultant, System Planning Electric Reliability Council Of Texas 2705 West Lake Dr. Taylor, TX 76574-2136 (512)248-3141, FAX(512)248-3082 
Here is what I sent to the Green Power Market Development Group.... 
02:12 PM --------------------------- "Carlos Giron" <Carlos.Giron@psiusa.com> on 04/23/2001 01:48:45 PM Ralphmayers@hotmail.com, Yhaynes@mindspring.com, Mike.Kotar@psiusa.com, ronniegiron@yahoo.com Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="SNAKE.doc" 
I'm in for lunch. DG SSCHROED@us.ca-indosuez.com on 03/26/2001 09:50:57 AM mikeshaw@andrews-kurth.com, todd.w.taylor@bakernet.com How about getting together for lunch or after work this week or next? 
02:23 PM --------------------------- Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT Hi guys -- Hopefully these curves are covered between the three of you!  Attached are the 10 curves reviewed for the month of February.  Of these 10, the curves in question are: NGI-PGE TOPOCK IF-HEHUB IF-VALERO TX IF-NNG TOK IF-TW PERMIAN IF-TRANSCO Z1 IF-TENN Z5 If you could, please identify the factors that are driving their drastic changes in shape and seasonality as compared to the prior month.  Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions. Thanks, Jennifer x5-7590 
Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future. DG Tricia Truong 03/20/2001 11:21 AM Hi Darron, Could you please help me change the rate for the above Sitara # for Jan. 01 production to $9.624065?  Please let me know if you're no longer handling this. Thanks for your help, TT  3-9852 
Jennifer, Phillip Allen and Keith Holst indicated that the curve changes in question for Socal was simply due to a higher forward market.  Let me know if you have any further questions. DG 10:31 AM --------------------------- Jeffrey C Gossett 02/28/2001 02:03 PM Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT Please get responses for these back to Jennifer today. Thanks 02:00 PM --------------------------- Jeff -- Before I send out the memo for January, I have a few questions about 3 curves that were reviewed this month.  Attached are Powerpoint slides containg the 10 curves that were validated for January.  The ones I'm asking you to take a look at are: 1)  NGI-SOCAL -- Why the upshift for the entire curve compared to prior month?  Why has the shape of the curve changed from (approximately) 1/1/04 forward compared to the curve from prior month? 2)  IF-MONCHY -- What factors account for differences between the 1/31/01 curve vs. the 12/29/00 curve for the period between 1/1/01through 1/1/07? 3)  IF-TRANSCO Z3 --  What factors account for the entire curve changing so dramatically from last month to this month? Thanks for your help. Jennifer 
02:06 PM --------------------------- Dawn C Kenne 02/09/2001 12:45 PM Fledderjohann), "garynkay" <GARYWGARRETT@email.msn.com>, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, kristi.giron@cfisd.net, HeightsHappy@aol.com @ ENRON, "B. Kenne" <yona_edoda@yahoo.com> @ ENRON PM --------------------------- "Bythewood, Richard" <rbythewood@txi.com> on 02/09/2001 12:27:27 PM <gary.wilson@oracle.com>, "'John Everett'"  <john_b_everett@email.mobil.com>, "'Kristin and Darrell Herbel'"  <KUAlums@aol.com>, "'Mike'" <mike@bythewood.com>, "'Shelly'"  <rbwood@ix.netcom.com>, "'mbythewood@scholtzskys.com'"  <mbythewood@scholtzskys.com> A husband and wife want to take golf lessons from a pro at a local country club. The man and woman meet the pro and head onto the driving range. The man goes up to hit first. He swings and hits the ball 100 yards. The golf pro says not bad. Golfpro: "Now hold the club as firm as you hold your wife's breasts". The man follows instructions and hits the ball 300 yards. The golf pro says "Excellent!" Now the woman takes her turn. Her ball goes 30 yards. Golfpro: "Not bad, try holding the club like you hold your husbands penis." She swings and the ball goes 10 yards. Golfpro: "Not bad, but now try taking the club out of your mouth and hit the ball." 
02:55 PM --------------------------- Theriot/HOU/ECT@ECT, Melinda Whalen/CAL/ECT@ECT, Dianne Seib/CAL/ECT@ECT, Janie Aguayo/HOU/ECT@ECT, Derek Bailey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kevin Meredith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Ellen Wallumrod/NA/Enron@ENRON, Celeste Cisneros/NA/Enron@Enron, Diane Anderson/NA/Enron@Enron, Tiffany Williams/NA/Enron@Enron, Cindy Feldman/CAL/ECT@ECT, Patricia Boulanger/CAL/ECT@ECT, Linda Sietzema/CAL/ECT@ECT, Sharon Crawford/CAL/ECT@ECT, Debbie R Brackett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Russell Diamond/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lesli Campbell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nidia Mendoza/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, Walter Guidroz/NA/Enron@Enron, Leslie Reeves/HOU/ECT@ECT, Veronica Gonzalez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jean Bell/HOU/ECT@ECT 
It is good for me. DG    3-9573 McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, ECT QA/HOU/ECT@ECT, William Kelly/HOU/ECT@ECT, Greg Couch/HOU/ECT@ECT Please reply, letting me know if Friday, February 2 , 2001, is a good day for building for Risk Management. Please note, this will be an all day event. I will be waiting for you to all get back with me. Thank you, Irena 
We are flying in on Thursday.  We plan on renting a car and driving to your place.  I'll update you on specific times early next week.  Because me and the kids are using reward miles for our tickets, right now Kristi is not on the same flight that the three of us are on.  We are all looking forward to seeing you. DG 
Let me know sometime today if you want to do this. DG    3-9573 10:29 AM --------------------------- Walker/HOU/ECT@ECT, Carole Frank/NA/Enron@ENRON, Jennifer Bagwell/NA/Enron@ENRON 09:24 AM --------------------------- Patrick Ryder@ENRON 10/11/2000 08:30 AM Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, O'Neal D Winfree/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dutch Quigley/HOU/ECT@ECT David, Will and myself have come up with a great team-building idea. We will pit all the risk groups against each other in a game of paintball as there are a number of people who would enjoy shooting each other with paint guns. I have narrowed it down to two possible weekends and need your help in identifying which would be the best for your respective groups. Option one: October 21 or 22 Option two:  November 18-19 Please report back to me as soon as possible so that I may reserve the facility. Thanks Pat Ryder 
11:03 AM --------------------------- "KRISTI GIRON" <KRISTI.GIRON@cfisd.net> on 09/13/2000 07:54:41 AM Received: from smtp.email.msn.com (cpimssmtpu08.email.msn.com [207.46.181.30]) by gpwise01.cfisd.net; Tue, 12 Sep 2000 22:43:38 -0500 Received: from default - 63.28.143.18 by email.msn.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC;  Tue, 12 Sep 2000 20:43:06 -0700 MIME-Version: 1.0 X-Priority: 3 X-MSMail-Priority: Normal X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6600 X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600 Return-Path: hollyw@email.msn.com mushy crap, mushy crap.............but I love you so here ya go. <mjp@hqhouston.com>; <Windy769@cs.com>; <kpeddicord@bce.katy.isd.tenet.edu>; <hollyw@email.msn.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 12, 2000 5:36 PM > ou may have all seen this but is worth looking at again!! > > > > Keep reading to the bottom of the page - don't stop > > >>       at the feet(You'll see). > > >> > > >>       THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM > > >> > > >>       Two traveling angels stopped to spend the night in > > >>       the home of a wealthy family.  The family was rude > > >>       and refused to let the angels stay in the mansion's > > >>       guest room.  Instead the angels were given a small > > >>       space in the cold basement.  As they made their bed > > >>       on the hard floor, the older angel saw a hole in the > > >>       wall and repaired it.  When the younger angel asked > > >>       why, the older angel replied, > > >> > > >>       "Things aren't always what they seem" > > >> > > >>       The next night the pair came to rest at the house of > > >>       a very poor, but very hospitable farmer and his > > >>       wife. > > >> > > >>       After sharing what little food they had the couple > > >>       let the angels sleep in their bed where they could > > >>       have a good night's rest.  When the sun came up the > > >>       next morning the angels found the farmer and his > > >>       wife in tears.  Their only cow, whose milk had been their > > >>       sole income, lay dead in the field.  The younger > > >>       angel was infuriated and asked the older angel, "How could > > >>       you have let this happen?  The first man had everything, > > >>       yet you helped him," she accused.  "The second family had > > >>       little but was willing to share everything, > > >>       and you let the cow die." > > >> > > >>       "Things aren't always what they seem," > > >>       the older angel replied. > > >> > > >>       "When we stayed in the basement of the mansion, I > > >>       noticed there was gold stored in that hole in the > > >>       wall.  Since the owner was so obsessed with greed and > > >>       unwilling to share his good fortune, I sealed the > > >>       wall so he  wouldn't find it. > > >> > > >>       "Then last night as we slept in the farmers bed, the > > >>       angel of death came for his wife. > > >>       I gave him the cow instead. > > >> > > >>       "Things aren't always what they seem." > > >> > > >>       Sometimes that is exactly what happens when things > > >>       don't turn out the way they should.  If you have > > >>       faith, you just need to  trust that every outcome is always > > >>       to your advantage.  You might not know  it until some > > >>       time later... > > >> > > >>                                                Oooo > > >>                             Some people       (    ) > > >>                          come into our lives   )  / > > >>                           and quickly go..    (_ / > > > > > > >> > > >>                                         oooO > > >>                                        (    )   Some people > > >>                                         \  (    become friends > >                                               and stay awhile. > > > >                              \_) > >                                leaving beautiful      Oooo >                                footprints on our      (    ) >                                hearts..                )  / > >                                                       (_/ > > >>                                          oooO > > >>                                         (    )   and we are > >                                        \  (   never quite the > > >>                                                 same because we >                                                \_)   have made a good > > >>                                                 friend !! > >                                                        >> > >                                         >> > > >>       Yesterday is history.  Tomorrow a mystery. > > >>       Today is a gift.  That's why it's called the > > >>       present! > > >>       I think this is special...live and savor every > > >>       moment... > > >>       This is not a dress rehearsal! > > >> > > >>                             (\       /) > > >>                             ( \  _  / ) > > >>                             (  \( )/  ) > > >>                             (   / \   )  TAKE THIS LITTLE ANGEL > > >>                              (  \ /   )   AND KEEP HER CLOSE TO > >                                         YOU > > >>                               /      \    SHE IS YOUR GUARDIAN > >                                         ANGEL > > >>                              (        )    SENT TO WATCH OVER YOU > > >>                               ~~~~~~~~ > > >>       THIS IS A SPECIAL GUARDIAN ANGEL... YOU MUST PASS > > >>       THIS > > >> > > >>       ON TO 5 PEOPLE  WITHIN THE HOUR OF RECEIVING > > >>       HER..AFTER YOU DO MAKE A WISH....IF YOU HAVE PASSED HER ON, > > >>       YOUR WISH WILL BE GRANTED AND SHE WILL WATCH OVER > > >>       YOU FOREVER.... > > >>       IF NOT..HER TEARS WILL FLOW AND NO WISHES WILL BE > > >>       GRANTED.... > > >>      Now don't delete this message, because it comes > > >>       from a very special angel. > > >> > > >>       Right Now - > > >> > > >>       -somebody is very proud of you. > > >>       -somebody is thinking of you. > > >>       -somebody is caring about you. > > >>       -somebody misses you > > >>       -somebody wants to talk to you. > > >>       -somebody wants to be with you. > > >>       -somebody hopes you aren't in trouble. > > >>       -somebody is thankful for the support you have provided. > > >>       -somebody wants to hold your hand. > > >>       -somebody hopes everything turns out all right. > > >>       -somebody wants you to be happy. > > >>       -somebody wants you to find him/her. > > >>       -somebody is celebrating your successes. > > >>       -somebody wants to give you a gift. > > >>       -somebody thinks that you ARE a gift. > > >>       -somebody hopes you're not too cold, or too hot > > >>       -somebody wants to hug you. > > >>       -somebody loves you. > > >>       -somebody admires your strength. > > >>       -somebody is thinking of you and smiling. > > >>       -somebody wants to be your shoulder to cry on. > > >>       -somebody wants to go out with you and have a lot of fun. > > >>       -somebody thinks the world of you. > > >>       -somebody wants to protect you. > > >>       -somebody would do anything for you. > > >>       -somebody wants to be forgiven. > > >>       -somebody is grateful for your forgiveness. > > >>       -somebody wants to laugh with you. > > >>       -somebody remembers you and wishes that you were there. > > >>       -somebody is praising God for you. > > >>       -somebody needs to know that your love is unconditional. > > >>       -somebody wants to tell you how much they care. > > >>       -somebody wants to share their dreams with you. > > >>       -somebody wants to hold you in their arms. > > >>       -somebody wants YOU to hold them in your arms. > > >>       -somebody treasures your spirit. > > >>       -somebody wishes they could STOP time because of you. > > >>       -somebody praises God for your friendship and love. > > >>       -somebody can't wait to see you. > > >>       -somebody loves you for who you are. > > >>       -somebody loves the way you make them feel. > > >>       -somebody wants to be with you. > > >>       -somebody wants you to know they are there for you. > > >>       -somebody's glad that you're his/her friend. > > >>       -somebody wants to be your friend. > > >>       -somebody stayed up all night thinking about you. > > >>       -somebody is wishing that you noticed him/her. > > >>       -somebody wants to get to know you better. > > >>       -somebody wants to be near you. > > >>       -somebody misses your advice/guidance. > > >>       -somebody has faith in you. > > >>       -somebody trusts you. > > >>       -somebody needs you to send them this letter > > >>       -somebody needs your support. > > >>       -somebody needs you to have faith in them. > > >>       -somebody will cry when they read this. > > >>       -somebody needs you to let them be your friend. > > >>       -somebody hears a song that reminds them of you. > > >> > > >>       SOMEBODY NEEDS YOU TO SEND THIS TO THEM. > > > ________________________________________________________________________ > Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com > > > > > --------------87F48CBEE9FA82F236F507C0-- 
10:30 AM --------------------------- Bailey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jean Bell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Patricia Boulanger/CAL/ECT@ECT, Bob Bowen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Julie Brewer/NA/Enron@Enron, Lesli Campbell/ENRON@enronXgate, Celeste Cisneros/NA/Enron@Enron, Sharon Crawford/CAL/ECT@ECT, Richard Deming/NA/Enron@Enron, Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate, Cindy Feldman/CAL/ECT@ECT, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, Veronica Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate, Larry Joe Hunter/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Nidia Mendoza/ENRON@enronXgate, Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate, Bianca Ornelas/NA/Enron@Enron, Leslie Reeves/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tanya Rohauer/ENRON@enronXgate, Dianne Seib/CAL/ECT@ECT, Linda Sietzema/CAL/ECT@ECT, Kim S Theriot/HOU/ECT@ECT, Ellen Wallumrod/NA/Enron@ENRON, Melinda Whalen/CAL/ECT@ECT, Tiffany Williams/NA/Enron@Enron 
Sandy, As a result of recent contract re-negotiations, the proposed Cabot Oil & Gas Marketing Corporation deals in Terrebonne Parish has changed significantly. First, our reserve study has been completed and we have determined that the Turtle Bayou Field production is expected to last only 18 months.  Second, Cabot has balked at our tiered pricing proposal, so 100% of the production will be index priced.  Third, Cabot will only commit its working interest share of production, not its partners' share.  Fourth, one of the 4 wells (Castex #1) has been removed from the contract.  Finally, Cabot has indicated it will not accept a price less than index flat. A revised expectation of volumes for the two Cabot deals is attached.  For the Transco Turtle Bayou Field, the intitial volume is expected to be 9,406 Mmbtu/d for 01/2001 declining to 7,049 Mmbtu/d for 05/2002; please obtain a bid from the East desk for this gas for the period indicated.  For the Tennessee Kent Bayou Field, the initial volume is expected to be 9,570 Mmbtu/d for 01/2001 declining to 7,121 Mmbtu/d for 12/2003; please obtain a bid from the East desk for this gas for the period indicated.  Thanks. George x3-6992 08:01 AM --------------------------- Graves/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Griffith/Corp/Enron@Enron, Robert Crockett/HOU/ECT@ECT Turtle Bayou Field Continental Land & Fur 58 #2 Well Terrebonne Parish, LA Facility 514800, Transco Zone 3 Kent Bayou Field Continental Land & Fur 11 #1, 24 #1 & 28 #1 Wells Terrebonne Parish, LA Facility 820010, Tennessee La. Zone 1 Sandy, we are still finalizing the contract and expected volumes with Cabot Oil & Gas Marketing Corporation for the two Terrebonne Parish deals referenced above, but we expect to enter into a long term deal prior to the end of December.  Would you please re-confirm that the notional pricing set forth in your 11/13/2000 memo for the two Cabot Terrebonne Parish deals is still valid for 5 years firm out of January 2001 for 80% of the volumes cited in my original request .  Thanks. George x3-6992 07:26 AM --------------------------- Graves/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Griffith/Corp/Enron@Enron, Robert Crockett/HOU/ECT@ECT George: We got new quotes from the desk regarding Cabot.  Attached is the spreadsheet with the new numbers.  Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks. Sandy 
"Ben_Richter" <Ben_Richter@email.msn.com>, "jerry oliver" <jnmoliver@yahoo.com>, Mark Friedman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eric Moon/HOU/ECT@ECT, William Kelly/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jason Harding/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard Cross/NA/Enron, Guy Freshwater/LON/ECT@ECT, Michelle C Waldhauser/LON/ECT@ECT Pasi Hamalainen 28/03/2001 17:07 18:07 --------------------------- here is your first Albanian case 18:01 --------------------------- kmart@sintez.co.uk on 27/03/2001 15:27:23 Sarah.Knott@enron.com, DaveSpence999@aol.com, fathertimt@aol.com (See attached file: maul_und_klauenseuche.mpeg) 
I don't know the answers to the auction questions, sorry! The new ones are being produced now...launching at the Milan Fair this week. Regards, Patsy Youngstein For Marc Newson Ltd +44 0207 287 9388 T +44 0207 287 9347 F Sent: 03 April 2001 20:10 Thank you.  Where did the originals come up for auction?  what did they go for?  Do you know when the new ones will be produced? Thanks for keeping me informed.  I would like to know whenever any new designs of his come out. Talk to you soon. John Griffith 
(See attached file: sf010504.pdf) Carr Futures 150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500 Chicago, IL 60606  USA Tel:  312-368-6149 Fax:  312-368-2281 soblander@carrfut.com http://www.carrfut.com 
John, In regard to our previous discussions regarding the floating tariff and related swap for the offshore floating production system financing, we are now in the Phase II bidding process for Devil's Tower.  Attached is the production profile for Devil's Tower. Can you run your analysis on the 1P volumes (guaranteed, firm volumes) and advise us of your findings [floating oil and gas tariffs].  I am available to meet with you today at 2 p.m., 4 p.m. or anytime tomorrow (Friday).  Let me know what your schedule is like. Thanks, Lisa Druzbik 3-9620 Lisa, I've attached the Dominion and Enron volume curves.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Kelli 
(See attached file: newdaily1.pdf) 
Please plan to attend an Offshore Floating Tarriff meeting scheduled for today in EB 3587 from 2:00 to 3:00 for Lisa Druzbik, John Griffith, Sarah Taylor, Kelli Little and Tom Byargeon, If you have any questions, please call Lacye Trevino at 34887. 
[IMAGE]=09?=20 The 16-31 December edition of designzine.com  includes a number of=20 hot-off-the-press articles from our member =01,zines. You=01,ll  find discu= ssions=20 on still-active, over-90-year-old designers, in Metropolis.  Investigate=20 different views on the meaning of new "luxury," in Modo.  And you can=20 discover the story behind a new concept for the universal shopping  cart, i= n=20 bOx. There are our audios to listen to, one by me and  another by art historian= =20 Grace Jeffers. If you don=01,t have the necessary software,  go to RealPlay= er=20 where you can get  a free download. I love RealPlayer; it means that I can= =20 tune into radio stations  from all over the world, anytime of the day or=20 night. And please don=01,t forget to visit designstand.com,  our brand-new design-= store=20 companion site. Cordially, Mel Byars Editorial Director designzine.com =20 ? ?=20 If you would like to remove your e-mail address from  our mailing list,=20 please click here. =20 ? ? ? 
GRIGSBY, MICHAEL D, ? You have been selected to participate in the Mid Year 2001 Performance Management process.  Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. ? select Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, May 25, 2001. ? If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  1.713.853.4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com ? Thank you for your participation in this important process. ? The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."  Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list.  NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. ? Employee Name: GIRON, DARRON 
Yahoo! News	Edit Breaking News Alerts - Yahoo! LONDON _ Prime Minister Tony Blair calls national election for June 7. If you no longer wish to receive this alert, click here to unsubscribe. If you have questions, send us feedback. Copyright , 1994-2001 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Yahoo Privacy Policy 
Anne, Can we add PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock index points to the NCD locations? I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves.  Let me know. Also, can we add the new rockies index locations to the NCD sheet?  It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail. Mike 
Is the Baja for April transport in sitara?  Please let me know. Thanks, MIke 
Thank you.  i don't need the value.  I just need the sitara transport report so that I may check the physical positions. Mike 
What is this deal?  Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave? Thanks, Mike 
Congratulations to you as well!  I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office.  We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
TODAY'S HEADLINES The New York Times on the Web Sunday, May 13, 2001 For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com QUOTE OF THE DAY ========================= "You can say we have discovered a new ancient civilization." - FREDRIK T. HIEBERT, an archaeologist, on a civilization that thrived in Central Asia more than 4,000 years ago. Full Story: http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/world/13LOST.html NATIONAL ========================= Drug Labs in Valley Hideouts Feed Nation's Habit http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/national/13METH.html Energy Industry Raises Production at a Record Pace http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/national/13ENER.html What Happened to the McVeigh Evidence? http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/national/13EXEC.html Warnings Don't Sway Watermen's Faith in the Blue Crab http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/national/13BAY.html /--------------------- ADVERTISEMENT ---------------------\ What's ahead for business in 2001? Get the Times's perspective on business and the economy in 2001, both foreign and domestic. Explore our Web exclusive interactive timeline of business in 2000 that ranges from the AOL Time Warner merger to the plunging Nasdaq with an essay by Floyd Norris, the Times's senior financial correspondent. http://www.nytimes.com/library/financial/2001outlook1-index.html?ibd \---------------------------------------------------------/ POLITICS ========================= Cheney Ever More Powerful as Crucial Link to Congress http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/politics/13CHEN.html White House Is Denying Pulling In Welcome Mat http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/politics/13TOUR.html Bush Plans Incentives for Energy Conservation http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/politics/13RADI.html S.E.C. Nominee Did Legal Work for Sex-Related Media Firm http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/politics/13SEC.html INTERNATIONAL ========================= True English Murder Mystery: Town's Trusted Doctor Did It http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/world/13KILL.html Ending Violence Is a Central Issue for Basque Elections http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/world/13SPAI.html Germany's Uneasy Debate on Immigration Deepens http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/world/13GERM.html After Tough Election Battle, Italy Begins Voting http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/world/world/italy-election.html BUSINESS ========================= Comair Pilots Reject Proposal to End Strike http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/business/13AIR.html What Have E-Consultants Wrought? http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/technology/13GURU.html At Annual Meetings Around the World, the Shots Aren't Heard http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/business/13MEET.html Market Watch: A Request for the Boss-to-Be at the S.E.C. http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/business/13WATC.html TECHNOLOGY ========================= What Have E-Consultants Wrought? http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/technology/13GURU.html Don't Bet Your Cybersavings on Video-Game Spinoffs http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/arts/13SCHW.html Working the Web for Hotel Rooms http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/travel/13CYBER.html The Peculiar Ruins of the New Economy http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/magazine/13SERVERFARM.html NEW YORK REGION ========================= At Hale House, Broken Bonds and Pain for a Little Girl Lost http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/nyregion/13HALE.html Special Education Debate Shifts From Money to New Ideas http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/nyregion/13EDUC.html Mayoral Candidates Seek Support at Teachers' Convention http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/nyregion/13CLIN.html Search for Suspects Narrows in Fatal Shooting Atop Deli http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/nyregion/13SHOO.html SPORTS ========================= Devils Leave Penguins Down in the Dumps http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/sports/13DEVI.html Steinbrenner's Unusual Approach: Hands Off the Devils http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/sports/13ANDE.html Trinidad Stops Joppy in 5th Round http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/sports/13FITE.html Yanks Get Some Help From Stars Out of Past http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/sports/13YANK.html ARTS ========================= 'Apocalypse' Then, and Now http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/arts/13THOM.html Sequels and Remakes Aiming to Be the Same, but You Know, Different http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/arts/13LYMA.html Perry Como, Relaxed and Elegant Troubadour of Recordings and TV, Is Dead at 88 http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/obituaries/13COMO.html Douglas Adams, Author of 'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy,' Dies at 49 http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/obituaries/AP-Obit-Adams.html OP-ED COLUMNISTS ========================= By MAUREEN DOWD: Space Cowboys Inc. I have an idea for a futuristic political thriller science fiction space Western black comedy with a stylish film noir mood. http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/opinion/13DOWD.html By PAUL KRUGMAN: Nation in a Jam The nation has been making some bad choices about energy use, and about lifestyles more generally. http://www.nytimes.com/2001/05/13/opinion/13KRUG.html HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION You received these headlines because you requested The New York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery, change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign up for other newsletters, see http://www.nytimes.com/email HOW TO ADVERTISE For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with The New York Times on the Web, please contact Alyson Racer at alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at http://www.nytimes.com/adinfo 
What do you thnk about amazon gift certificates of $30.00 to the group? Let's put the "Tick" on selling mojave index for feb-oct 2001.  heavy orig if he can find a nice market. Let's put Ina on the west desk trip for Feb.  We should book it now to send a nice message to the group after our last cancellation. Grigsby 
The guest view only password is in the process of being approved.  I apologize for the delay.  I will send you the information as soon as I get it. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
Let's continue to go long sep swing on Socal.  I am willing to as long as we can each day.  The plan of getting short for OCT bidweek no longer applies because of reduced basis risk in OCT basis. Thanks, Grigsby 
Please let me know what the next step will be for setting up the nortel box. x37031. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
F R I D A Y   E X T R E M E   M A R K E T S A complimentary service from INO.com ( http://www.ino.com/ ) Friday: The CRB Index is falling 0.98 points to 213.90. The US Dollar Index moved higher by 0.51 points to 116.88. The Dow Industrials trended lower by 89.13 points, at 10821.31, while the S&P 500 trended lower by 9.51 points, last seen at 1245.67. The Nasdaq Composite softened 21.43 points to 2107.43. ***   FREE OPTIONS INVESTORS KIT ***   http://www.ino.com/specials/barkley/ _____________________________________________________________________ Shocking Manual Loaded with Serious Money Strategies _____________________________________________________________________ It's Like Having A Guaranteed Income For Life!!! http://store.ino.com/sale/1E78A/TWOV-Visually Dear Trader: Just one of these automatic methods . . . JUST ONE . . . is enough for you to make a career trading options professionally. YES, these are the exact techniques used by all professionals to get rich trading options! Like the former real estate broker who made over $800,000 in just three months d without a single loss! Like the caddy who borrowed a small grubstake and made over $100,000 per month for 70 consecutive months! Or the former Bear's linebacker who's made $16,634,699 in just three years! These are all actual results achieved by options traders after reading Paul Forchione's exciting manual, "Trading Options Visually." FREE 11 PAGE BROCHURE AT: http://store.ino.com/sale/1E78A/TWOV-Visually <a href="http://store.ino.com/sale/1E78A/TWOV-Visually">Click for Safety First Strategies!</a> Order Toll Free 800-538-7424 - 410-867-7424 All claims on third-party products are made by the publisher and not by INO.com. All Products Guaranteed. _____________________________________________________________________ E X T R E M E   M A R K E T   C O M M E N T A R Y _____________________________________________________________________ The STOCK INDEXES were lower on Friday as investors continue to mark time ahead of next Tuesday's FOMC meeting. Light pressure came from today's retail sales report that came in above consensus along with an unexpected rebound in consumer sentiment. Both markets are likely to remain range bound for the time being. It will take closes above last week's highs or below the late-April reaction lows to clear up near-term direction in these markets. The Dow closed lower on Friday and below this spring's uptrend line due to light profit taking ahead of the weekend and next week's FOMC meeting. The latest economic data suggests that any further cuts in interest rates by the Fed next week might be their last for the time being. The Dow has become extremely overbought and overdue for a correction. Closes below last week's low crossing at 10,673.20 would signal that a larger-degree decline might be unfolding this spring. INTEREST RATES June bonds plunged to new lows for the year following the release of the University of Michigan's May consumer sentiment that came in at 92.6 verses 88.4 in April. Additional pressure came from April's retail sales data, which came in above pre- report estimates. Odds of a 50-basis-point cut in interest rates next Tuesday are now estimated at 73% verses 83% last Friday. Today's breakout below the 50% retracement level of the 2000-01 rally crossing at 99- 30 opened the door for a likely test of the 62% retracement level crossing at 98-07 later this month. Short-term momentum indicators have turned bearish signaling that additional weakness is possible. The CRB INDEX closed out the week near session lows as it extended its decline off last Friday's high. This week's breakout below April's uptrend line along with a downturn by a number of momentum indicators confirmed that last week's high marked a double top while opening the door for sideways to lower prices for the last half of May. Weakness in grains, meats, precious metals, some foods and energies weighed on the CRB today. ENERGY MARKETS closed mostly lower on Friday due to profit taking ahead of the weekend. Today's sell off in the product markets was triggered by rumors that President Bush will take early action to provide relief from higher energy prices. Additional pressure came from talk that other states will follow California and attempt to opt out of the reformulated gasoline program. June crude oil posted a quiet inside day with a slightly higher close on Friday as it consolidated some of this week's gains. However, June crude remains range bound leaving the door open for two-sided action. Momentum indicators are neutral to bullish signaling that sideways to higher prices near-term are possible. However, it will take closes above 30.13 or below 26.75 to clear up near-term direction in the market. June heating oil closed lower on Friday due to profit taking following Thursday's test of minor resistance crossing at 77.80. Closes above this resistance level or below 73.10 are needed to confirm a breakout of a three-week old trading range. Momentum indicators are neutral to bullish hinting that sideways to higher prices near-term are possible. June unleaded gas closed sharply lower on Friday following rumors that President Bush will take action to provide relief from high gasoline prices. Friday's setback led to a test of this spring's uptrend line crossing near 105.10. Multiple closes below the uptrend line and last week's low crossing at 101.90 would confirm a top and trendline breakout. Momentum indicators have been showing bearish divergence, which is often a precursor to a top and trend change. June Henry Hub natural gas posted a downside reversal on Friday thereby ending Thursday's short covering bounce. Additional weakness on Monday is needed to confirm today's bearish reversal pattern as the door remains open for a test of the 75% retracement level of the 1999/2000 rally crossing at 3.625 later this spring. The rising ADX signals that additional weakness during May is possible. CURRENCIES The June Dollar closed higher on Friday thereby confirming Thursday's key reversal up. Momentum indicators are bullish signaling that additional gains are possible next week. If this month's rally continues, this spring's double top crossing at 117.89 is June's next target. The June Swiss Franc and D-mark closed out the week at or near session lows against the Dollar following the release of the latest U.S. economic data. Both markets are poised to test their April lows, which mark key support levels. Closes below these lows would confirm a downside breakout of this spring's trading range while renewing the larger-degree downtrends. Momentum indicators remain bearish signaling that additional weakness near-term appears likely. The June Canadian Dollar closed sharply lower on Friday after forming a small bear flag earlier in the week. Today's resumption of the decline off last Friday's high sets the stage for additional weakness during the last half of May with April's conservative uptrend line crossing near .6414 being the next likely downside target. Momentum indicators remain bearish signaling that additional weakness near-term is possible. The June Japanese Yen closed steady on Friday in two- sided trading as it consolidated some of this week's losses. Session lows fell just short of testing April's uptrend line, which crosses near .8166. Multiple closes below this support level would open the door for sideways to lower prices during the last half of May. Momentum indicators have turned bearish and warn traders that additional weakness near-term is possible. PRECIOUS METALS June gold closed lower on Friday as it extended Thursday's setback due to light profit taking ahead of the weekend. Nevertheless, this week's upside breakout of the 2000-01 downtrend line has confirmed that a major bottom and trend change has taken place. Momentum indicators remain bullish signaling that sideways to higher prices near-term are possible. If this spring's rally continues, March's high crossing at 276.20 is June's next upside objective. July silver posted an inside day with a lower close as it consolidates above the lower boundary of this spring's trading range crossing at 4.31. Closes below 4.31 are needed to confirm a trading range breakout and trend change. However, momentum indicators are oversold warning bears to use caution as a short-term bottom might be in or near. Closes above this week's high at 4.425 are needed before a low can be confirmed. July copper posted an inside day with a higher close due to light short covering following Thursday's test of April's low crossing at 75.60. Multiple closes below this support level are needed to confirm a breakout and resumption of this spring's decline. If a breakout is confirmed, weekly support crossing at 74.10 is July's next target. Momentum indicators are bearish signaling that additional weakness near-term is possible. GRAINS July corn closed out the week on a low note and near session lows due to spillover selling following Thursday's bearish supply/demand report. This week's breakout below key weekly support crossing at 2.02 has both renewed this year's decline and set the stage for the next level of weekly support crossing at 1.91 1/2 later this month. Today's losses were limited, as traders were cautious ahead of Monday's planting progress report and this afternoon's extended weather forecasts. Planting delays continue plague farmers in the western Corn Belt while dry parts of the eastern Corn Belt received some rains during the week. I would not be surprised to see a short covering bounce on Monday however, the bearish tone that has engulfed the corn market will continue to limit upside potential near-term. July wheat closed higher on Friday as the smaller- than-expected U.S. winter wheat crop and all-wheat production forecasts from Thursday's supply/demand report continues to underpin the market. Gains were limited due to weakness in the corn market. Traders will be closely watching Monday's planting progress and crop conditions reports for near-term direction. Closes above broken trendline support crossing near 2.72 would temper the bearish outlook in July wheat while increasing the odds that this week's lows marked a double bottom. SOYBEAN COMPLEX July soybeans closed fractionally higher on Friday due to light short covering ahead of the weekend. However, Thursday's bearish supply/demand report and corn planting delays in the western Corn Belt continue to limit upside potential. Momentum indicators have become overbought and are turning neutral to bearish signaling that May's correction in time might have come to an end. I am looking for sideways to lower soybean prices during the last half of May with April's low being a possible target. July soybean meal posted an inside day with a higher close on Friday as it consolidated some of Thursday's losses. However, upside potential remains limited in the face of bearish soybean fundamentals. Momentum indicators have become overbought and are turning neutral to bearish warning traders to use caution as this spring's corrective rebound might have come to an end. Closes below this week's low would likely trigger additional long-liquidation next week. LIVESTOCK June hogs closed steady on Friday, as gains were limited due to sharp losses in bellies. Commercial buying prompted by strong cash bids that were up $0.50 to $1.00 higher on the day supported prices. Sluggish hog movement and inadequate packer inventories continue to support the cash market, which has underpinned the late-week rally. Technically, June hogs continue to rebound off the 2000-01 uptrend line, which is to be expected following April's sharp decline. Until this support level is broken, this spring's setback is nothing more than a correction within a bull market. June cattle closed lower on Friday as it posted a downside reversal. Session highs spiked above broken support crossing at 70.52. Additional weakness on Monday is needed to confirm today's bearish reversal pattern. If this spring's decline resumes, last September's low at 69.72 then weekly support crossing at 69.25 are potential targets. Both weekly and daily momentum indicators are bearish but nearing their respective oversold zones hinting that an important low might be near. FOOD & FIBER July coffee posted a downside reversal on Friday erasing Thursday's gains. Momentum indicators have become very overbought warning traders to use caution as a short-term top might be in or near. July's inability to fill March's gap at 70.25 underscores the weak tone of the market. Closes below Thursday's low at 66.25 would confirm that this spring's short covering bounce has likely come to an end. July cocoa posted a huge key reversal down on Friday due to profit taking that erased much of this week's gains. Additional weakness on Monday is needed to confirm today's bearish reversal pattern. From a broader perspective, July cocoa needs to close above 1103 or below 955 to confirm a breakout of this spring's trading range. July sugar closed modestly higher on Friday as it continues to form a small symmetrical triangle. A breakout in either direction of this consolidation formation will point the direction of the next trending move. If this spring's rally resumes, January's high at 941 is July's next target. Closes below this week's low at 890 would increase the odds that a short-term top has likely been posted. July cotton posted a key reversal up on Friday due to short covering ahead of the weekend. Nevertheless, Friday's high did nothing more than test broken support crossing at 45.50. Multiple closes above this broken support level are needed to temper the bearish outlook in the market. If this spring's decline continues, psychological support crossing at 40 cents is July's next downside target later this month. Daily Extreme Commentary is brought to you by GLOBALcharts, INO.com's end-of-day charting software for Futures, Futures Options and Optionable Stocks. http://www.globalcharts.com Search the INO Store  - http://store.ino.com/ _____________________________________________________________________ T O P   N E W S _____________________________________________________________________ STOCKS Japan Stocks: Nikkei climbs 0.19% for first gain in 4 days Add1:US Equities Review: Down on perception next rate cut may be last UK Stocks Review: FTSE lower in uninspiring end to the week FOREX US FX Review: Euro extends losses on strong US data, ECB rate cut Asia FX Review: Yen in tight range amid lack of stock price moves Europe FX Review: Euro extends recent losses against dollar CREDIT US Credit Review: Plummets on reduced rate cut expectations Europe Credit Review: Curve steepens sharply on surprise ECB cut Japan Credit Review: June up on strong medium-term cash bonds COMMODITIES US Futures Summary: Gasoline traders worry about federal action EXCHANGES SGX Announces 3rd Quarter Results NYMEX To Amend Post-Close Trading Rules NYBOT Changes Index Trading Hours Record April For IPE HKEx Sign MOU With The Stock Exchange Of Thailand CBOT/MIDAM Memorial Day Holiday Trading Schedule Last Trading Day Changed For Kansas Wheat Options Gerstenschlager Takes Over As Chairman Of Germany's EEX ____________________________________________________________________________ E X T R E M E   F U T U R E S ____________________________________________________________________________ Updated every 10 minutes around the clock. More at http://quotes.ino.com/analysis/extremes/futures/ WINNERS ZM1    U.S. Treasury 6% Bond Jun 2001          103 184/256   4 17/32  +4.57 LBU1   Random Length Lumber Sep 2001              303.70      9.70  +3.30 SMK1   Soybean Meal May 2001                       163.6       4.7  +2.96 SIN3   Silver Jul 2003                             4.604     0.088  +1.91 YM1    U.S. Treasury 6% 10yr Note Jun 2001     104 184/256     1 3/4  +1.70 XEK1   Soybean Meal May 2001                       161.3       2.4  +1.51 XSK1   Soybeans May 2001                             450     5 1/2  +1.23 XWN1   Wheat Jul 2001                            271 1/4     3 1/4  +1.21 KWN1   Wheat Jul 2001                                331     3 3/4  +1.15 WN1    Wheat Jul 2001                            271 1/4     2 3/4  +1.02 LOSERS PBG2   Frozen Pork Bellies Feb 2002               67.250    -2.950  -4.20 CCZ1   Cocoa Dec 2001                               1014       -34  -3.24 HUN1   New York Harbor Unleaded Gasoline Jul 20    0.9719   -0.0291  -2.90 LHJ2   Lean Hogs Apr 2002                         51.175    -1.250  -2.39 PNZ1   Propane Dec 2001                           0.5350   -0.0125  -2.30 XHV1   Lean Hogs Oct 2001                          52.57     -1.20  -2.25 BDU1   Oriented Strand Board Sep 2001             225.00     -5.00  -2.17 DBK1   Butter May 2001                           185.000    -4.000  -2.12 USZ1   U.S. Treasury Bond Dec 2001              97 30/32  -1 27/32  -1.85 RRN1   Rough Rice Jul 2001                         5.610    -0.100  -1.75 ____________________________________________________________________________ E X T R E M E   S T O C K S ____________________________________________________________________________ Updated every 10 minutes around the clock. More at http://quotes.ino.com/analysis/extremes/stocks/ WINNERS RSTA   ROSETTA INPHARMATICS                        17.34      7.41  +74.77 UCOR   UROCOR INC                                  15.39      3.18  +26.28 DYAX   Dyax Corp                                    9.90      2.00  +25.38 PENX   PENFORD CORP                                13.35      2.42  +22.62 GISX   GLOBAL IMAGING SYS                           7.40      1.30  +21.85 PMSI   PRIME MEDICAL SERVICES                       6.88      1.16  +20.17 SQNM   SEQUENOM INC                                16.00      2.64  +19.70 NNBR   NN INC                                       8.79      1.40  +18.92 GIII   G-III APPAREL GROUP                          9.35      1.43  +18.38 NATR   NATURE'S SUNSHINE PROD                      10.18      1.47  +16.37 LOSERS FLCG   FRONTLINE CAP GRP                            5.85     -2.83  -32.57 MAXC   MAXCO INC                                    7.50     -1.43  -19.07 WJCI   WJ COMMUNICATIONS                            8.15     -1.70  -17.91 CWON   CHOICE ONE COMMUNIC                          6.59     -1.43  -17.83 PGTV   PEGASUS COMMUNICATIONS'A'                   21.90     -4.23  -16.22 RBAK   REDBACK NETWORKS INC                        16.40     -3.10  -15.90 ARBA   ARIBA INC                                    6.90     -1.24  -15.21 TWDE   DECS TRUST V 2002                           18.00     -3.16  -14.87 QLTI   QLT INC                                     20.25     -3.51  -14.74 INGN   Introgen Therapeutics                        6.13     -1.05  -14.66 FREE MANAGED FUTURES & IRA RETIREMENT KIT http://www.ino.com/specials/icm/ _____________________________________________________________________ T H A N K   Y O U _____________________________________________________________________ Thank you for subscribing to the Extreme Markets Daily Digest from INO.com ( http://www.ino.com/ ). If you want to subscribe to our other email services, or would like to modify your profile please visit http://www.ino.com/email/. -- Copyright 1998-2001 INO.com. All Rights Reserved. 
May 10, 2001 NTSB REVIEWS MOST WANTED SAFETY RECOMMENDATIONS, UPDATES FOR 2001 Washington, D.C. -- The National Transportation Safety Board holds a public Board meeting Tuesday, May 15 at 9:30 a.m., at its Board Room and Conference Center, 426 L'Enfant Plaza, S.W., Washington, D.C. The item on the agenda: last year's Most Wanted Safety Recommendations list and issue an updated list for 2001.  The Safety Board established the Most Wanted Safety Recommendations Program in 1990. The recommendations placed on this list are selected by the Board as issues for intensified follow-up and to heighten public awareness of these safety concerns.   Press Officer: Terry Williams Directions to Board Room: Front door located on Lower 10th Street, directly below L'Enfant Plaza. From Metro, exit L'Enfant Plaza station at 9th and D Streets escalator, walk through shopping mall, at CVS store take escalator down one level. Board room will be to your left. Media Contact:  (202) 314-6100 This message is delivered to you as a free service from the National Transportation Safety Board; you may unsubscribe at any time at http://www.ntsb.gov/registration/registration.asp  An archive of press releases is available at http://www.ntsb.gov/pressrel/pressrel.htm Current job opportunities with the NTSB are listed at http://www.ntsb.gov/vacancies/listing.htm For questions/problems, contact pubinq@ntsb.gov 
Start Date: 4/26/01; HourAhead hour: 4;  No ancillary schedules awarded. Variances detected. Variances detected in SC Trades schedule. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001042604.txt $$$ Variance found in table tblInt_Interchange. 
Group, Once again we are having issues with a lack of  detail in the day and night discussion notes.  Anytime there is a cut, whether you think it is insignificant or not, it must be mentioned in your note at the end of your shift.  This is true for any schedule that EPMI is involved in......EPE, preschedules, RT schedules.  Since all these schedules are now tagged, it would be helpful to mention the tag number in your note as well.  In general, the notes have been too brief and lack the detail that is necessary to resolve any after that fact.  Let's take the time to do them right and make everyone else's life a bit easier. Thanks, Jesse 
I spoke with Doug at Willamette today, and he wants us to sell 1 extra MW till further.  They are going to be producing a total of 15MW instead of the usual 14. This should happen at least until Tuesday.  Doug will let us know how long this will last. Regards, Bert 
No i guess not I was just giving you some shit and you didn't respond. Usually you respond when I give you shit 
hey Char,  Just wanted to write and let you know that i had a great time hanging out with you last night.  I hope you know that I have always considered you one of MY friends too and I was very stoked that you seem to feel the same way.  Anyway have a great weekend and make sure to keep in touch.  And anytime you are game to grab a beer or you are hanging out in my part of town please give me a call.  Keep in touch sweetie! 
Group, Two quick things... First- from volume management: When scheduling a service customer such as Harbor or WheelabratorShasta, Arco, Tosco, etc. we need to be sure to schedule using the customer ID in CAPS.  Otherwise RT has no generation and we are considered short (please see myself or Kourtney with questions). Second- from the preschedulers: If we sit at Lisa or Stacy's desk, please be sure to log out of the computer and their phone.   Their computers are not necessarily for Real-Time use, but I would like to be sure that we can continue to use these computers at night.  If they aren't happy with the cleanliness of their desk, or with having to reset their computers each morning, etc...we will probably lose this priviledge. Other than that, Keep up the good work. Thanks, Bill 
Start Date: 4/16/01; HourAhead hour: 13;  No ancillary schedules awarded. Variances detected. Variances detected in SC Trades schedule. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001041613.txt +++ Hour 13 - bad data from ISO. 
Wouldn't it be nice to get the freaking gas prices down.  It is killing us out here in Cali and I amm sure everyone else is on their way to higher prices.  We are at about $2.00 right now and they are predicting that we will be at $3.00 by summer in Cali! Pass this on and hopefully it will make a difference! Love ya all!! KIM >From: "Anhchi Ly" <anhchi15@hotmail.com> >To: steveuhl95@hotmail.com, conkling@domus.ebay.sun.com, >ucdrobert@yahoo.com, amerritt@sgi.com, benmolin4920@hotmail.com, >brett.marino@regususa.com, bdoherty@ucdavis.edu, jbrianholmes@hotmail.com, >CarolynL@lbdg.com, cory.r.priggs@ac.com, enmurphy@ucdavis.edu, >grwong@ucdavis.edu, David.Cumti@THINQ.com, jixwongerman@hotmail.com, >awmercy@hotmail.com, teran@seidel.Stanford.EDU, kenneth.wong@schwab.com, >KKostanian@msn.com, kimberly_kirkwood@hotmail.com, lisa.coletti@target.com, >Matthew@keen.com, mmmeyer@ucdavis.edu, markcarr@Exchange.Microsoft.com, >MLopez@quicksilvernow.com, MRodger@genencor.com, thenana@hotmail.com, >battlebots@hotmail.com, naanenson99@longs.com, fryed42@yahoo.com, >rjluguya@ucdavis.edu, ask@socrates.Berkeley.EDU, sendikal@yahoo.com, >terelyn@yahoo.com >Subject: Don't purchase gasoline from EXXON and MOBIL! >Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2001 10:29:25 -0700 > > > >This could work if we pass this on and stick to it.  I think this is worth >a >try.  I'm willing to do most anything... > > > >Subject: Gas Prices > > >Hey guys... I thought that this would be of interest to us all... >This makes more sense than the don't buy gas on a certain day routine >that was going around in April or May. Gasoline Prices! Whoever started >this >has a good point. >By now you're probably thinking gasoline priced at about $1.49 is >cheap. Me too! As it is now $1.58 for regular unleaded. Now that the oil > >companies and the OPEC nations have conditioned us to think that the >cost of >a gallon of gas is CHEAP at less than $1.50, we need to try an >aggressive >response. >With the price of gasoline going up more each day, we consumers need to >take action. The only way we are going to see the price of gas come down >is >if we don't buy it. But, that's not really a practical option since we >all >have come to rely on our cars. But we CAN have an impact on gas prices >if we >all act together. Here's the idea - For the rest of this year, don't >purchase gasoline from the two biggest companies (which now are one), >EXXON >and MOBIL. >If they are not selling, they should be inclined to reduce their >prices-and >if they reduce their prices the other companies will too. >But to have an impact, we need to reach literally millions of users. But > >it's do-able! >I am sending this note to 42 people. If each of you send it to at least >10 >more... and those 10 send it to at least 10 more ... and so on by the >time >the message reaches the sixth iteration we will have reached over one >million >consumers. Acting together we can make a difference. If this makes sense >to >you, please pass this message on, or one you compose, to at least 10 >more >E-mail addresses. >***** PLEASE HOLD OUT UNTIL THEY LOWER THEIR PRICES TO $1.28 -- $1.29 >AND >KEEP THEM DOWN. THIS CAN REALLY WORK >-- >======================================================================= >"Some can trace their family back 300 years, but can't tell you where >their children are tonight."      - Lawrence Brotherton >======================================================================= > > > > >==================================================================?>EASY UNSUBSCRIBE click here: http://topica.com/u/?bUrBs5.bU7kh7?>Or send an email To: mvedge-unsubscribe@topica.com?>This email was sent to: anhchi15@hotmail.com?>?>T O P I C A  -- Learn More. Surf Less.?>Newsletters, Tips and Discussions on Topics You Choose.?>http://www.topica.com/partner/tag01?>================================================================== > > _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
Mark: I am writing in regards to ISDA's Energy and Developing Products conference in Houston on March 6, 2001.  I have attached a copy of the agenda for your information. We are now in the process of trying to find suitable speakers for the conference.  I know Mary Cunningham had mentioned to you about inviting a senior person from Enron to open the conference on the Overview of Energy and Developing Markets from 9:00 AM to 9:30 AM.  We are concerned that if Jeffrey Skilling spoke at the conference his participation would take away our draw at the AGM in April.  We would be delighted to have you open the conference unless you think we should invite a business speaker to give an Overview of Energy and Developing Markets. Should you have any questions, please call me at 212-332-2559. I look forward to hearing from you. Best regards, Liz Ms. Liz O'Sullivan International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 600 Fifth Avenue - 27th Floor Rockefeller Center New York, NY 10020 (212) 332-2559 
Please review and give me your brief thoughts on this.  Mark =09Stephen R Horn =0911/19/2000 04:22 PM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: eLaw Mark, The Austin Ventures people in Austin who have invested in eLaw have had the= se=20 people contact me.  Curious for your perspective of the business plan in th= e=20 attached Executive summary  which I exerpted the following:=20 eLaw is partnering with some of the worlds leading law firms to build=20 comprehensive databases of proprietary legal analysis and work product that= =20 are accessible online by attorneys. =20 By leveraging quality, branded work product -- including agreement forms,= =20 briefs, memoranda, pleadings and checklists =01) to a much wider audience t= han=20 has previously been accomplished, eLaw is creating profound new economies o= f=20 scale in the area where a majority of attorneys spend most of their billabl= e=20 time: legal research and document drafting of transaction and litigation=20 oriented material.  By using material in the eLaw libraries, eLaw users can= : ? Accelerate the research and drafting process by directly accessing a volu= me=20 and quality of materials that have previously been available only within=20 large law firms ? Increase productivity and efficiency and avoid =01&reinventing the wheel= =018 (or=20 paying outside counsel to do so), saving hundreds of dollars per hour ? Reduce fees paid to outside law firms by in-house counsel=20 Would you please give me a call when you have had a chance to review. Thanks,=20 Steve Horn 04:00 PM --------------------------- Sandra Jimenez <Sjimenez@elaw.com> on 11/16/2000 08:39:42 PM Dear Mr. Horn: Several weeks ago Chris Pacitti, of Austin Ventures, gave me your name as someone who might be interested in learning more about eLaw.com. I have attached an executive overview of our business for your review and would appreciate speaking with you about the business opportunity. I will call yo= u next week to schedule a mutually agreeable time to speak. I will call you a= t 713-853-4520. If your phone number is different than the one Chris gave me, please let me know. Thank you in advance for your interest and I look forward to speaking with you soon. Sandra Jimenez CEO sjimenez@elaw.com Phone: 512-493-3581 Fax: 512-257-7246 
Mark: Because you are a registered CLEonline.com user, we would like to provide you with the following update about our online CLE seminars for March, as well as other notes of interest: *  March Seminar Listing *  Houston Bar CLE seminars on CLEonline.com!... *  New this month:  --> Identity Theft -- Strategies for the Information Age --> Appearing Before the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles - or - 'How to Deal with a Three-Headed Monster' --> Law Practice Management: How to Enhance Your Clients' Interests when Dealing with the Media --> The Rewards of Decency [2.0 ETHICS] --> Survival Training for Domestic Violence (NALS) --> Additional Ethical Issues Facing In-House Counsel [3.0 ETHICS] The following is a complete listing of all of our online CLE seminars that will be taking place on our Web site (www.CLEonline.com) during the month of March.  We would ask that you please share this list with your colleagues and associates who may be interested in one or more of our online CLE seminars for this month. 1. Additional Ethical Issues Facing In-House Counsel [3.0 ETHICS] 2. Anticipating Will Contests and How to Avoid Them  [3.0] 3. Appearing Before the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles - or - 'How to Deal with a Three-Headed Monster'  [1.5] 4. Avoiding Malpractice Claims: Things to Do (and NOT Do) on the First Day You Represent a Client [1.0 ETHICS] 5. Confidentiality and Privileges in Electronic Communications [3.0 ETHICS (Audio included)] 6. Consumer Bankruptcy Law: Nuts & Bolts for the Non-Specialist  [1.0] 7. Damages in Texas Insurance Litigation: Evaluating, Pleading, and Proving [1.0] 8. Deposition Issues and Strategies: Today and Into the 21st Century [3.0] 9. Dissecting the Web / E-Commerce Environment and Analyzing the Legal Issues  [1.0] 10. Effective Negotiation and Mediation Advocacy  [3.0] 11. Elimination of Bias in the Legal Profession [1.0 ETHICS] 12. Estate Planning for Clients With Special Circumstances -- Lottery Players/Winners and Pet Owners  [1.0] 13. Ethical Considerations in Estate Planning for Spouses [1.0 ETHICS] 14. Ethical Considerations in Mass Tort and Class Action Litigation in Texas [1.0 ETHICS] 15. Ethical Issues Arising From Using Experts in Litigation [1.0 ETHICS] 16. Ethical Issues and the Associate -- Or -- And You Thought Law School was Bad! [2.0 ETHICS] 17. Ethical Pot-Holes on the Information Highway and How to Avoid Them [1.0 ETHICS] 18. Ethical Risks and Responsibilities of Attorneys and Firms Prosecuting Patents for Different Clients in Related Technologies [1.0 ETHICS] 19. Family Law Update: What You Don't Know CAN Hurt You [Video included] [1.0] 20. How to Collect Child Support in Texas  [3.0] 21. ICANN / WIPO Domain Name Disputes: Procedures And Analysis  [1.0] 22. IP Litigation Issues: Trade Secrets, Patents, Copyrights and Trademarks  [3.0] 23. Identity Theft -- Strategies for the Information Age  [1.5] 24. Improve Your Legal Writing: Ten Plain-Language Tips  [1.0] 25. Law Practice Management: How to Enhance Your Clients' Interests when Dealing with the Media  [1.0] 26. Legal Ethics for Corporate and In-house Counsel [3.0 ETHICS (Audio included)] 27. Legal Writing: Meet the New Citation Manual  [1.0] 28. Legal Writing: Ten Tips for Better Letters  [1.0] 29. Legal Writing: Eight Tips for Successful Motions  [1.0] 30. Legal Writing: Eleven Tips for Formal Agreements  [1.0] 31. Litigating the Link Between Cellular Phones and Cancer  [2.0] 32. Living Trusts =01. Making a Wise Decision  [1.0] 33. Malpractice Avoidance for Probate Lawyers: Common Non-Tax Estate Planning Errors [1.0 ETHICS] 34. More Selected Ethical Issues Facing Texas Litigators [1.0 ETHICS] 35. Nobody's Bulletproof: Legal Ethics and Legal Malpractice Issues [3.0 ETHICS (Audio included)] 36. Offshore Trusts: Uses for Asset Protection Purposes  [3.0] 37. Presuit Discovery and Discovery from Nonparties in Texas Litigation [1.0] 38. Privacy Issues in the Workplace: Internet Porn, E-mail, Chat Rooms and more  [2.0] 39. Professionalism in Corporate Litigation: From Discovery Through Appeal [3.0 ETHICS] 40. Punitive Damages: Preparing Plaintiff's and Defendant's Case for the Punitive Damage Phase  [3.0] 41. Selected Ethical Issues in Intellectual Property Licensing [1.0 ETHICS] 42. Selected Issues in Ethics for California Lawyers [2.0 ETHICS] 43. Selected Issues in Ethics for Texas Lawyers [3.0 ETHICS] 44. Substance Abuse and Depression: An Overview for Lawyers [1.0 ETHICS] 45. Summary of Texas Legal Malpractice Law [1.0 ETHICS (Video included)] [1.0] 46. Survival Training for Domestic Violence (For Legal Assistants and Legal Secretaries Only) 47. Texas Law of Eminent Domain  [3.0] 48. Texas Real Estate Law - Recent Case Update  [3.0] 49. The ABC's of Appellate Practice for California Litigators  [1.0] 50. The Complete Internet Seminar for Lawyers  [3.0] 51. The New World of Electronic Commerce: Business to Business (B2B) [Audio included]  [1.0] 52. The Organizational Client: Attorney-Client Privilege and the No-Contact Rule [3.0 ETHICS] 53. The Rewards of Decency [2.0 ETHICS] 54. Weblaw: Legal Issues Involved with the Design and Hosting of Websites on the Internet  [3.0] 55. Wills, Estates, and Trusts: Case Law Developments in Texas - 1999 [3.0] 56. Wills, Estates, and Trusts: Case Law Developments in Texas - 2000 [2.0] For more details on any of these seminars, please drop by our site: http://www.CLEonline.com You can easily register online for any of these seminars at any time of day or night using our secure online registration system.  All of these seminars are available through the last day of this month. HOUSTON BAR CLE SEMINARS ON CLEONLINE.COM!... We are very pleased this month to announce that CLEonline.com and the Houston Bar Association (HBA) have entered into an agreement to bring a number of their CLE seminars online via our Web site.  Two of these new HBA seminars are available this month, and many more will be offered on our site in the months to come. The Houston Bar produces a large number of excellent CLE programs each year on a wide variety of subjects.  Through this new agreement, we will now be able to bring many of these HBA seminars online and make them available to all CLEonline.com users.  These seminars will feature streaming video from the live HBA seminars as well as the written materials. If you are a member of a Bar association or other law-related group that sponsors CLE seminars and your organization would be interested in bringing your CLE seminars online just like the Houston Bar Association, we would be delighted to talk with you and your group.  This is a great way to extend the reach of your association's CLE seminars and create a new source of revenue for your Bar association with no additional costs.   If your organization would be interested in taking advantage of this, please give us a call at 1-800-522-7566, and we can provide you with all the details. NEW SEMINARS FOR THIS MONTH... The following are brief descriptions of our new seminars for this month. Full details on each are available on our Web site: --> Identity Theft -- Strategies for the Information Age This is the first of the new HBA seminars being offered and this is a topic of growing interest for all attorneys and their clients.  This seminar will address what identity theft is, how thieves can get personal information about you or your clients, how this information can be misused, and the statutory responses available.  You can watch and listen to the same program that the HBA presented on this topic earlier this year.  Scott Durfee of the Harris County DA's Office will serve as the moderator.  This seminar is accredited for 1.5 hours of CLE. --> Appearing Before the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles - or - 'How to Deal with a Three-Headed Monster' Another of the new HBA seminars being offered this month is this new criminal law program.  This seminar will provide attorneys with procedural information from the parole revocation hearing through the parole process in Texas. You can watch and listen to the same program that the HBA presented on this topic earlier this year.  James Randall Smith, who is a Houston practitioner who focuses on representing clients in the parole process, will serve as moderator.  This seminar is accredited for 1.5 hours of CLE. --> Law Practice Management: How to Enhance Your Clients' Interests when Dealing with the Media Continuing Education (CCE) in California, we are pleased to present this new online CLE seminar on dealing with the media.  This seminar will review and discuss issues in dealing with the media that all lawyers may face from time to time in representing their clients.  It features the streaming audio from a live CLE seminar on this topic that was originally conducted in California by CCE that features Monica Bay (Editor-in-Chief of American Lawyer Media's Law Technology News) and Martha Sullivan (of LegalVoice.com).  This seminar is accredited for 1.0 hour of CLE credit. --> The Rewards of Decency [2.0 ETHICS] partners), this new 2-hour ethics seminar deals with the subject of 'professionalism' in the legal profession.  This seminar features streaming audio from a live CLE seminar on this topic that was originally conducted by Live Oak CLE in December.  One of the panelists from the live seminar, Ruth Kollman, Esq. of Dallas, will serve as the moderator for this new online seminar.   This seminar is accredited for 2.0 hours of CLE credit, all in legal ethics. --> Survival Training for Domestic Violence (NALS) NALS (a provider of CLE for legal assistants and legal secretaries) is providing this new online seminar on domestic violence.  This seminar features streaming audio of a live presentation on this topic that was presented at a NALS educational conference.  This seminar is allowed 1.0 hour of CLE credit for members of NALS. Dianna C. Roberts of NALS will serve as the moderator for this seminar. (NOTE: This seminar is NOT accredited for CLE for attorneys.) --> Additional Ethical Issues Facing In-House Counsel [3.0 ETHICS] In another in his excellent series of online CLE ethics seminars, David Hricik, Esq. of Austin has prepared this new legal ethics seminar designed to review a variety of legal ethics issues facing attorneys who practice as in-house counsel.  This seminar is accredited for 3.0 hours of CLE credit, all in the area of legal ethics. Thanks again for your continued interest in and support of CLEonline.com. We greatly value you as a registered user of our service, and we would very much appreciate it if you could please spread the word about our award-winning CLE site to other attorneys in your firm, company or local area. Best Regards, Mike De La Rosa, Esq. _______ Michael De La Rosa, CEO          ------------------------------------ Voice: (512) 310-9618 FAX:   (512) 310-1720                     CLEonline.com P.O. Box 1897 Round Rock, TX 78680-1897       ...delivering CLE to YOUR desktop! mdelarosa@CLEonline.com http://www.CLEonline.com         ------------------------------------ 
Vice Presidents in the following organizations: Enron Americas Enron Global Markets Enron Industrial Markets Enron Networks Enron Global Assets Enron Engineering and Operational Services Houston, in the Colonnade Room from 8:00am-5:00pm. In addition to the VP prereview, the meeting will include a review of the distribution, by company, of the PRC results below Vice President. Further details on the specific agenda will follow.  In the meantime, please call me at X36628 should you have any questions. Sheila Knudsen 
MARK HAEDICKE, ? The PEP system closes on Friday, May 25, 2001. ? Our records indicate that one or more of your direct reports has suggested reviewers that you have not yet approved.  Feedback cannot be provided on your employee until you approve the reviewers. ? Please log into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and select Supervisor Services from the Main Menu to approve your employees' reviewers. ? If you have any questions regarding the PRC process or the PEP system, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  1.713.853.4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com 
Mark:  It looks like Paul Simons got a copy of this e-mail.  Let me know if it is useful  to work with ISDA on any of these matters. Mark Haedicke Part icipants - ISDA Energy and developing products Committee Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 11:19 AM redstone; arnaud duhamel; asa engstrom; benoit de Vitry; bernadette Willis; brian peyton; Bruno Plaskow; Caroline Szatmari; carrie fleming; charles barrett; Christian Bettley; christophe chassard; clare hatcher; Claude Brown; Claude Unge; David Carter; david fransen; edward murray; elisabeth bertin; Eric Rothman; fatima bentoumi; Fiona Smith; Gareth Williams; heather pilley; iona levine; James Powell; Jay Hellums; Jeffrey Golden; john fry; Jolie Norris; jon ibbotson; Joseph Carrico; judith lawless; justin boyd; keir prince; laurence garside; lesley stockwell; linda klein; louise bernstein; Louise Kendall; louise kitchen; Luanne Giessen; maria garland; marion Sommerkorn; mary saul; Mehboob Hoque; ned swan; nick perry; Olof Myhrman; paivi toivari; paul castanon; paul newman; Paul Simons; pedro diaz; Per Westerberg; Peter Verbiest; philip henderson; Philipee Lautard; pierre chevalier; rebecca bond; rita pearson-schwandt; Robert Finney; roberto colacchia; Rosali Pretorius; sanjev; sara rumberg; seema bal-thakrar; simon smith; steve ciampi; Steven Crotch; thelma loshkajian; therese cochrane; thierry groell; Thomas Jones; Thomas Werlen; Thomas Werlen; Tim Arcedeckne-Butler; tjepco van voorst vader; tom hunter; tony fisher; toshiro takino; Ulrike Schefe Werner Part icipants - ISDA Energy and developing products Committee >    Dear all, > Pls find attached the FSA consultative paper on a new regulatory regime for Energy Market Participants and an invitation for the ISDA Energy and Developing Products Committee on 25 June at 3 pm, where this paper will be discussed. Any comments in advance of the meeting are welcome. Deadline for the response to the FSA is 17 July 2001. Could you pls confirm your attendance to Judith Birch at jbirch@isda-eur.org. > >    <<fsajune.pdf>>  <<KDMemoJune601.doc>> Thank you in advance. 
fyi Reichardt/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Alejandro Hernandez/NA/Enron@Enron FYI, Mark Haedicke from Legal informed me that there is some sort of conflict and consequently legal concerns over hiring John Bloomer as outside consultant.  As a contract with him would probably not be approved by Legal we won't further pursue to hire him for our technical due diligence. Andreas 
Here is the memo I mentioned in our meeting today.  Let me know if there are other items we should put on the list.  Thanks.   Mark Hodge/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lance Schuler-Legal/HOU/ECT@ECT, Travis McCullough/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT, Sheila Tweed/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT, Julia Murray/HOU/ECT@ECT Rogers/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron@Enron The volume and complexity of our legal work has increased dramatically over the past few years.  I think this environment requires additional time to be devoted to legal planning and review in order to provide the best possible service to our clients.  Within the next month, I have asked Janette to schedule a Quarterly Legal Review for each group listed on our new organizational chart .  I  would envision that we would focus on the following: review of the current monthly legal report and significant legal issues review of the top ten legal risks form contracts and other documentation projects legal budget legal resources, inside and outside performance metrics In addition, I am proposing that any energy trading contract for a term longer than one year by initialled by an AGC or member of the OGC.  Let me know what you think about that. Mark Haedicke 
Martin: Thanks for the update!  It looks like great progress in being made. Mark 
call on implementation issues related to the proposed Market Stabilization Plan.  Attached are questions we received along with answers based on our current plans.  We will address these questions and answers - as well as others that may have arisen since then - at tomorrow's call. 
request_number:  DS-PL:003 firstname:  Pamela lastname:  Jacklin e-mail:  pljacklin@stoel.com exhibit_wp-02-e-:  JCG-01 and 02 page_numbers: request_text:  Please disclose and/or produce any and all communications from October 16, 2001 to the present, between any of the party representatives listed below and any representative of BPA concerning rates to be in effect for BPA's Fiscal Years 2002-2006, the interactions of such rates and customer contracts, or procedural aspects of rate these proceedings. For purposes of this Request, "disclose and/or produce" has the meanings described below.  With respect to oral communications, "disclose and/or produce" means to describe the time, date, approximate duration, and substantive content of the communication; the identity and organizational affiliation of the communicating individuals; whether the communication occurred in person or by telephone; the location of the communication if in person; the identity of any witnesses to the communications, including all individuals in the room if the communication occurred by speakerphone; and whether the communication was made in the presence of or after coordination with BPA counsel (if so, identify such counsel).  For purposes of this Request, you need not "disclose and/or produce" oral communications that occurred during meetings noticed in compliance with Rate Case Rule 1010.7(d). With respect to written communications, the Request includes communications in any recorded form, whether on paper, electronic (including, without limitation, e-mails), or whatever form.  For such communications, "disclose and/or produce" means to provide copies of all non-identical versions of any written communications and to describe with particularity the location where such communications were found and/or stored, including the identity of the individual with possession or control of the written communications; to describe with particularity the circumstances under which they were generated or referred to; and to fully "disclose and/or produce" any oral communications made in connection with the written communications consistent with the preceding paragraph.  For purposes of this Request, you need not produce papers served on all parties to the rate case and made part of the official file in the rate case. response_text:  PacifiCorp objects to this Data Request on the grounds that it (1) seeks information that is not relevant and (2) seeks information that is unduly burdensome to produce.  (Rules of Procedure Governing Rate Hearings, Section 1010.8(b).)  PacifiCorp further objects to this Data Request on the grounds that it is in improper form, as it does not cite to specific testimony or indicate the specific use to which to information sought will be put.  (Special Rules of Practice, WP-02-O-01.)  Without waiving the foregoing objections, we respond as follows in the below attached exhibits: For oral communications, see Exhibit 1. For written communications, see Exhibit 2. The exhibits and attachments are available in BPA's Data Response Room. The following information is from the web server: 1.  Logon: IUSR_GRANITE 2.  Remote Host:  198.36.178.141 3.  Remote IP Address:  198.36.178.141 4.  Form URL: https://secure.bpa.gov/power/secure/psp/ratecase/discovery/wp_02_response.html 5.  Browser Client:  Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.01; Windows NT) 
Attached are copies of data requests (PN-DS:001, PN-DS:002, PN-DS:003, PN-DS:004, PN-AL:001, PN-AL:002, PN-AL:003, PN-AL:004) served today by PNGC on counsel for the DSI parties. The attachments contain corrections to typographical errors and are substantively identical. ? R. Erick Johnson PC 888 SW Fifth Ave, Suite 870 Portland, OR ?97204 Tel: 503.295.2944 E-mail: ?Erick_Johnson@PNGC.com 
Michael's and my e-mails crossed.  Rod, please follow his procedures on costs.  Thanks. 
Jeff Brockman will be in town 8/7 -8/9, but due to our group's size and room availability, we booked a 1:00-4:00 p.m. meeting. He will discuss what Enron Broadband Services has done with Acta Extractions and the BRIO products.  (Separately, I will be scheduling a BRIO demo to cover the  functionality of each level of the Reporting and Querying tool). 
A more organized electronic version of the agreement. Molly Sample General Counsel EOTT Energy Corp. 713-993-5027 fax 713-402-2806 Attached is the Operation and Services Agreement in an electronic format.  If anyone needs this in hard copy with signed pages, please call me.  Thanks. Molly Sample General Counsel EOTT Energy Corp. 713-993-5027 fax 713-402-2806 
As you are aware, Enron utilizes temporary staffing services to satisfy=20 staffing requirements throughout the company.  For the past several months,= project team, representing Enron=01,s temporary staffing users, have resear= ched=20 and evaluated alternative Managed Services programs to determine which sour= ce=20 would best meet our current and future needs in terms of quality, performan= ce=20 and cost containment objectives.  The Business Unit Implementation Project= =20 Team members are:=20 Laurie Koenig, Operations Management, EES Carolyn Vigne, Administration, EE&CC Linda Martin, Accounting & Accounts Payable, Corporate Beverly Stephens, Administration, ENA Norma Hasenjager, Human Resources, ET&S Peggy McCurley, Administration, Networks Jane Ellen Weaver, Enron Broadband Services Paulette Obrecht, Legal, Corporate George Weber, GSS In addition, Eric Merten (EBS), Kathy Cook (EE&CC), Carolyn Gilley (ENA),= =20 Larry Dallman (Corp/AP), and Diane Eckels (GSS) were active members of the= =20 Selection Project Team. As a result of the team=01,s efforts, we are pleased to announce the beginn= ing=20 of a strategic alliance with CORESTAFF=01,s Managed Services Group.  This g= roup=20 will function as a vendor-neutral management entity overseeing all staffing= =20 vendors in the program scope. They will also provide a web based online=20 technology tool that will enhance the ordering and reporting capabilities. = =20 The goal of our alliance with CORESTAFF is to make obtaining a temporary=20 worker with the right skills and experience easier while protecting the bes= t=20 interests of the organization.=20 We plan to implement Phase I of this improvement effective January 2, 2001.= This Phase I of the implementation will encompass administrative/clerical= =20 temporary workers at the Houston locations only. If you currently have=20 administrative/clerical temporary workers in your department, the enhanceme= nt=20 will not affect their position. In an effort to preserve relationships, all= =20 current staffing vendors will be invited to participate in this enhanced=20 program.  CORESTAFF shares our commitment to minimize any disruptions in=20 service during this transition.=20 =20 We expect to incorporate the administrative/clerical workers in Omaha,=20 Seattle and Portland in Phase II, which is scheduled for February, 2001.  T= he=20 scope and timing of any additional phases will be determined after these tw= o=20 phases have been completed. Realizing the impact that the temporary workforce has in business today, we= =20 selected CORESTAFF=01,s Managed Services Group based on their exceptional= =20 management team, commitment to quality service, and creative solutions to o= ur=20 staffing needs.  The relationship promises to offer Enron a cost effective= =20 and simple means for obtaining temporary employees. In the coming weeks, Enron and CORESTAFF=01,s Managed Services Group will b= e=20 communicating to Enron=01,s administrative/clerical temporary staffing vend= ors=20 about the new process. =20 There are many benefits to this new Managed Services program, which are=20 outlined on the attached page.  More details on how to utilize CORESTAFF=01= ,s=20 Managed Services program will be announced soon and meetings will be=20 scheduled to demonstrate the reporting system and to meet the Managed=20 Services team. What is Managed Services? CORESTAFF=01,s Managed Services program includes: ? Vendor-neutral management model ? Equal distribution of staffing orders to all staffing partners ? Web-based application with online ordering, data capture and customized= =20 reporting ? Benchmarking and performance measurement for continuous improvement ? Methodologies for accurate skill-matching and fulfillment efficiencies=20 Key Benefits ? More vendors working on each order from the outset =01) faster access to= =20 available talent pools ? Standardized mark-ups and fees to manage costs more effectively ? Online access to requisition status for users=20 ? Robust databases offering managers enhanced tracking and reporting of=20 temporary usage and expenditures ? Standard and customized reporting capabilities -- online ? Tenured, experienced Managed Services team on-site to assist users in=20 accessing web site, identifying usage trends, preparing specialized reports= ,=20 etc. =20 Corestaff/Managed Services/Staffing Joseph Marsh =01) Lead / Operations (josephm@corestaff.com; 713-438-1400) Amy Binney, Sharon B. Sellers =01) Operations Cherri Carbonara =01) Marketing / Communications Cynthia Duhon =01)Staffing Partner management 
Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April, 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts. Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara at x35620 or me with any questions. Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
Hi, Bianca! Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties.  Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding (either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy). Thanks! Marie Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
Yes, I think it did...They told me in writing that it would only go up to 171,000 but then they went up to over 180,000....what can I do?? Scott.Hendrickson@enron.com schrieb: > > did the value go up by more than 10%?  i think that's the limit unless you > sell or buy it in the tax year.... > > scott > 
Well we have had our first accident at the new building...But it really wasn't the building's fault...Armin and Lolo worked all evening installing the largest of our 3 garage doors on the warehouse.  It's a really tall and wide door, so that large trucks can pull all the way into the warehouse to unload.  Well, all went well with the installation, and it was time for them to go.   Lolo closed and locked the garage door while Armin loaded up his work truck to leave. When Armin slammed the sliding side door shut, he somehow forgot to let go with his left hand...so the door slammed shut with his fingers in it.  That's not the worst, Armin had locked the door before he slammed it shut!  It was locked with his fingers smashed inside!!!  That's STILL not the worst!  He had already cranked the truck, so the keys were in the ignition on the oposite side of the truck from where he was trapped!!!! Thank GOD LOLO HADN'T LEFT YET!!! He got the keys and unlocked the door, freeing Armin's smashed 3 middle fingers.  If he would've been alone there, as he normally is late at night, it would've been terrible!!! So he came home around 10:30 PM in shock with pain.  He took aspirin and was finally able to sleep about 1 AM.  This morning he could move them, but they are swollen and purple and very painful.  Of course, he won't go to the doctor, He says that they aren't broken ? ? ? But he is in a lot of pain.  He must have been terribly tired to do something so stupid.  He needs to take a break, but he won't...hopefully when Melissa and family get here he will slow down. Hope you all are having a safe week! Connie 
My office email experience hasn't gone without some gliches.  I told Armin that something really strange must be going on because I was getting emails from some of you and not from all of you.  I told him it seemed like some of my emails were, in fact, MUST be missing.  He blew me off like I didn't know what I was doing (which is mostly correct).  BUT that's beside the point, then last night after dinner he confessed that his office computer was probably taking my emails before I got a chance to download them!  The thief!  So if I seemed to be ignoring some of your emails that's because I wasn't getting them.  Armin had his on automatic download, I made him turn that off...THIS IS MY TURF!  Now I will received all emails first.  Write me! 
OK, now what?  I signed up, downloaded and now what??? 
I gave up on the messenger thing.  The msn totally screwed up my computer..it said I didn't have enough space or something like that then it sent a print job to my computer that printed 40 pages with 1 or 2 symbols on it.  It's over.  Armin will have to work on that shit.  When he has time and is back. I can't tell how big the house is right now.  I thought it looked small from the inside, but I thought that about the office too and now that it's finished I realize that the office is 2 x's as big as the one at the Scharnberger's..it's huge.  I think the house is a little bit less than 3,000 sq ft of living space, mostly on the ground floor.  Remember we have an acre of land to fill up.  But when you stand inside it doesn't seem big at all!  On the ground floor is the master bedroom/bath, guestroom/bath, foyer (and it IS HUGE), kitchen, dining, living room, utility room and walk in pantry.  The second floor has a bedroom/bath, archive file room, and a galary (that's what's behind most of the windows on the second floor).  The rooms are not big (I don't think). Now the warehouse IS BIG.  I drive my car in there and do circles.  But Armin will eventually fill it up.  The I will use my private garage, it's big enough for a work truck and my car.  Just want it all finished!!!! Von: Scott.Hendrickson@enron.com [mailto:Scott.Hendrickson@enron.com] Gesendet: Donnerstag, 1. Februar 2001 17:09 An: Scharnberger-Armin@t-online.de Betreff: Re: AW: AW: AW: AOL messenger.. I got the pictures from Melissa...the house looks great!  And it looks HUGE from the back!!! what's up with either the aol or msn instant messengers??? scott 
Oh, Scott, that is so great about your mom!!! But that is also soooo interesting about thalidomide....I think of that drug alot here, because you see the effects of the children here alot, well they aren't children anymore...they are my age, but they are everywhere here.  so that drug works on cancer?!?!?!? incredible!  does it have any side effects? (other than on babies) Von: Scott.Hendrickson@enron.com [mailto:Scott.Hendrickson@enron.com] Gesendet: Mittwoch, 25. April 2001 17:17 An: Scharnberger-Armin@t-online.de Betreff: Re: NEWSFLASH!! MMMM....liquid manure!  I hardly ever get that in the city!!! I'm glad you'll be doing your business in private now!!! By  the way, my mom finally got to see the doctor at MD Anderson yesterday. They are going to put her in clinical trial where she'll be treated with thalidomide (the drug that caused the deformed babies in the late sixties). She starts that next week.  She had to promise not to have a baby!  That should be pretty easy to live up to since she has no uterus and my dad's been fixed!!!  Anyway, we're hoping that it slows things down, or puts it in remission altogether. Scott 
02:07 PM --------------------------- Richardson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Sylvia A Campos/HOU/ECT@ECT, Marlene Hilliard/HOU/ECT@ect, Faye Ellis/HOU/ECT@ECT, Karen Lambert/HOU/ECT@ECT, Anthony Campos/HOU/ECT@ECT, Cyndie Balfour-Flanagan/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Bridgette Anderson/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Susan Elledge/NA/Enron@Enron, Sharon Gonzales/NA/Enron@ENRON, Georgi Landau/NA/Enron@ENRON, Angie Crowe/NA/Enron@Enron, Tammie Huthmacher/NA/Enron@Enron, Michelle Laurant/NA/Enron@Enron, Michael Eiben/HOU/ECT@ECT, Willie Harrell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kelly Lombardi/NA/Enron@Enron, Mary G Gosnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bernice Rodriguez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jason Moore/HOU/ECT@ECT, Samuel Schott/HOU/ECT@ECT, Amber Ebow/HOU/ECT@ECT, Adnan Patel/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Albert Escamilla/HOU/ECT@ECT, Gloria Roberson/NA/Enron@Enron, Kevin Richardson/NA/Enron@ENRON, Bill D Hare/HOU/ECT@ect, Marilyn Colbert/HOU/ECT@ECT, Remi Otegbola/Corp/Enron@Enron, Jeff Klotz/Corp/Enron@Enron, Syed Ahmed/Corp/Enron@Enron, Cheryl Johnson/Corp/Enron@Enron, Kathryn Pallant/NA/Enron@Enron, Avril Forster/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Christopher Hargett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stacie Guidry/NA/Enron@Enron, Ruby Kyser/NA/Enron@Enron, Lisa Woods/NA/Enron@Enron, James Scribner/Corp/Enron@Enron, Adrial Boals/Corp/Enron@Enron, Brian Heinrich/HOU/ECT@ect, Jean Killough/HOU/ECT@ECT, Shari Mao/HOU/ECT@ECT, Suzanne Nicholie/Corp/Enron@ENRON If you would like to contribute to the "ENRON KIDS" gift program, please give your contribution to me today, so that the shopping can be done this weekend.  We will wrap the gifts early next week. Thank you, Julissa 
=09=09EMAZING Home[IMAGE]Edit Your ProfilePrivacy =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Advice and Living - Brain Candy - Business and Money - Comics - Daybr= eakers -=20 Entertainment =09=09Espa=0Fol - Games - Good Thoughts - Grapevine - Greetings - Health - = Hobbies -=20 Horoscopes =09=09Household Hints- Kitchen - Music - Sports - Style - Technology - Trav= el -=20 Wireless =09=09 =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09 =09=09 =09=09  Apply now for an Aria Visa! =09=09Imagine a credit card with a 0% introductory APR on purchases (for co= mplete=20 pricing information and important terms and conditions, please click on the= =20 link below) and a 30-second online credit decision (subject to verification= ).=20 Click  here for more details.  =20 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Internet Tip of the Day =09=09Friday December 1, 2000 =09=09 =09=09The Internet's Integrated Future =20 =09=09 =09=09We noted the growth of wireless Internet services and the rush for=20 telecommunications, network, and entertainment companies to team up to offe= r=20 wireless connections. It's just the tip of the integrated iceberg, however.= =20 Wireless Internet services delivered to your cell phone or other portable= =20 devices are just the beginning of digital integration. It's highly likely= =20 that eventually your telephone, cable TV, and Internet services will all co= me=20 over the same wire (or even through the air). Federal rules freeing up=20 competition in the telecommunications industry have fostered all kinds of n= ew=20 alliances. The technology is becoming more integrated, too -- Net phones,= =20 Internet telephony, and interactive digital cable TV are just three example= s=20 of where convergence is occurring. All this means new devices that are more= =20 compatible and capable than current technologies, deeper penetration of the= =20 Web in everyday life, and a further blurring of the lines betw! een work an= d=20 play. The future is here, and it's pretty cool! =09=09 =09=09- Dennis Ryan =09=09 =09=09Email  this tip to a friend - Browse  the Archives =09=09 =09=09Today's Science & Technology News: =09=09 =09=09Butterfly Ballots Are Flawed =09=09Florida voters claimed the controversial "butterfly ballots" used in = the=20 presidential election were confusing. A new Canadian study backs them up. A= =20 Japanese invention tests how tired people feel. New evidence suggests that= =20 life made the transition to land from the oceans a billion years earlier th= an=20 thought. The Mississippi oil spill is the nation's worst since the Exxon=20 Valdez. Also -- new respect for black Arctic explorer Matthew Henson -- Jap= an=20 bans human cloning -- "Most Distant Object" closer than thought -- and=20 "fat-proof" mice could yield anti-obesity drug. Click  here to read more! =09=09 =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09 =09=09The holidays are here! =09=09So get your warm wishes and season's greetings out to all with EMAZIN= G's=20 eGreetings! They're fun, FREE, and cover all those merry, bright, and=20 seasonal occasions. =20 =09=09 =09=09Holiday gift shopping made easy... =09=09It's Flooz!  The online gift currency you send by email! =20 =09=09 =09=09Want Coupons, FREESTUFF, & More? Click Into CoolSavings =09=09CoolSavings is the place to save BIG on all your favorite things from= your favorite stores and online retailers this Holiday season. =20 =09=09 =09=09Don't spend Christmas without the Grinch... =09=09Save up to 40% at Amazon's Dr. Seuss Shop! =20 =09=09 =09=09=20 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09 =09=09 =09=09   =20 =09=09 =09=09Tip Gift =09=09@Home Internet Service =09=09Surf faster! Click here to learn about the nation's #1 broadband Inte= rnet=20 service =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Book =09=09BOOK  OF THE DAY =09=09Olaf Olafsson: The Journey Home =09=09 =09=09 =09=09CD =09=09CD  OF THE DAY =09=09Enya: A Day Without Rain =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Gift =09=09 GIFT  OF THE DAY =09=09Nintendo: Hey You, Pikachu! =09=09 =09=09 =09=09DVD =09=09MOVIE  OF THE DAY (DVD) =09=09George Clooney: The Perfect Storm =09=09 =09=09 =09=09VHS =09=09MOVIE  OF THE DAY (VHS) =09=09Fantasia 2000 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09Quote =09=09QUOTE  OF THE DAY =09=09I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. =09=09- Mark Twain =09=09 =09=09=20 =09=09 =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09 =09=09  =20 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09  Music is a way to escape the mundane world! =09=09And that's exactly what you can do with these FREE audio tips! Learn = how to=20 take good care of your audio equipment, how to get the best sound for your= =20 listening pleasure, or how to keep your mom from telling you to turn it dow= n=20 (with the best headphones for your money)! Tune in to EMAZING's Audio Tip o= f=20 the Day! Click  here for more details.  =20 =09=09 =09=09[IMAGE] =09=09? =09=09Advertise - Company Info - Feedback - Help - Jobs - Privacy Policy - = Terms &=20 Conditions =09=09Archives - Edit Your Profile -?Unsubscribe =09=09 =09=09EMAZING.com is a service of EMAZING, INC. Copyright 2000. All Rights = Reserved. =09=09EMAZING.com - Whatever you're into, we email it to you. FREE!=20 [IMAGE] 
Daily Blessing http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless147.htm Intelligence http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor54.htm FORGET PC PHONE. GET REAL LONG DISTANCE AT NO COST bigredwire is the first and only company to offer REAL long distance at no cost Switch your long distance to bigredwire and get REAL long distance at zero cost to you. Up to 100 complimentary minutes everyday when you zap your online bill. If you don't zap, pay only 5 cents a minute without fees. Switch now! find out how at http://www.daily-blessings.com/cjbigredwire.htm Hundred's of you have taken advantage of the free download available for the Work From Home folks.  If you haven't checked it out yet...you should!! http://www.daily-blessings.com/cjworkfromhome.htm <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> * To remove yourself from this mailing list, point your browser to: http://inbound.postmastergeneral.com/remove?dailyblessings:10 * Enter your email address (judy.hernandez@enron.com) in the field provided and click "Unsubscribe". The mailing list ID is "dailyblessings:10". OR... * Reply to this message with the word "remove" in the subject line. This message was sent to address judy.hernandez@enron.com X-PMG-Recipient: judy.hernandez@enron.com <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> 
12:37 PM --------------------------- 11/09/2000 12:32 PM Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON 11/09/2000 12:32 PM 11/09/2000 12:32 PM 11/09/2000 12:13 PM --------------------------- Melissa Jones 11/09/2000 12:26 PM Janell Avery/HOU/EES@EES, jhunt_vitoltvl@yahoo.com, rosie_resendez@yahoo.com This is hillarious! 
01:32 PM --------------------------- Regina Blackshear@ENRON 08/31/2000 07:28 PM vblack4538@aol.com, l_carter61@hotmail.com, sonia_l_castorena@reliantenergy.com, Yolanda Clay<yoclay@flash.net>, Amber.Ebow@enron.com, Loneta Edison<Loneta.Edison@wcom.com>, NAGILL443@aol.com, Tammy Green <tcgreen@flash.net>, locacherri@aol.com, "R Jordan"<rhondamjordan@hotmail.com>, "BENEDICT PETERS"<bouncing98@hotmail.com>, barbtuwhite@yahoo.com, lanetia yarbrough<yar_bro@yahoo.com>, Diane Salcido/Corp/Enron@Enron, Eve Puckett/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Angela Barnett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Derick Jones/Corp/Enron@Enron, Amber Limas/HOU/EES@EES, Shirlet Williams/HOU/EES@EES, Judy Hernandez/HOU/ECT@ECT >> > "Be Still" >> > >> > God, what do you mean to be still and know you are God? >> > >> > My child, what I mean is: >> > >> > Though the earth be removed, >> > Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, >> > Though the mountains shake with swelling, >> > Though the wind blow, >> > Though the storm rage; >> > >> > IN OTHER WORDS >> > >> > Though your bills are due, >> > Though they give you a hard time on your job, >> > Though your husband won't act right, >> > Though your wife won't act right, >> > Though your children are disobedient, >> > Though there's sickness in your body, >> > Though your enemies get on your NERVES; >> > >> > Stop your WORRIES! >> > >> > Stop your COMPLAINING! >> > >> > Stop your DOUBTING! >> > >> > Stop your FROWNING! >> > >> > Cease your fears, and dry up those tears! >> > >> > For I'm right there to comfort you, >> > I'm right there to guide you, >> > I'm right there to hold you up, >> > I'm right there to heal you, >> > >> > I'm right there to deliver you. >> > >> > So cast your cares upon me for I careth for you. >> > My child this is what I mean by being still and knowing I >> > AM GOD. >> > >> > FOR I AM GOD ALL BY MYSELF!!! >> > >> > > ________________________________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com 
02:03 PM --------------------------- Dora Thurmond <dora_thurmond@uniteddc.com> on 04/07/2000 12:14:37 PM Dora Thurmond Sent: Friday, April 07, 2000 10:57 AM Sent: Tuesday, April 04, 2000 8:57 PM > > > Hope this blesses you today! > > (click on one of  the files below) > http://www.enol.com/~jyeoman/gallery.html > <http://www.enol.com/~jyeoman/gallery.html> > > > > 
Daily Blessing The Cross http://www.daily-blessings.com/cross.htm Gifts you can give all year 'round http://www.daily-blessings.com/ch41.htm I just found a really neat site that I hope you'll all check out.  With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don't know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.  It's called Unsung Hero and I know we all have one of those in our lives..check this out and see what they have to offer.  I ordered one today!! http://www.daily-blessings.com/cjunsunghero.htm Hundred's of you have taken advantage of the free download available for the Work From Home folks.  If you haven't checked it out yet...you should!! http://www.daily-blessings.com/cjworkfromhome.htm <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> * To remove yourself from this mailing list, point your browser to: http://inbound.postmastergeneral.com/remove?dailyblessings:10 * Enter your email address (judy.hernandez@enron.com) in the field provided and click "Unsubscribe". The mailing list ID is "dailyblessings:10". OR... * Reply to this message with the word "remove" in the subject line. This message was sent to address judy.hernandez@enron.com X-PMG-Recipient: judy.hernandez@enron.com <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> 
Please e-mail the policies that you consider too conservative.  If these issues affect your own personel life, then you have big problems.  Just keep in mind that your family lineage is very conservative.  And please remember that I supported G.W. "frat boy" Bush. 
06:43 AM --------------------------- Baughman/HOU/ECT@ECT Kurt at AECI showed AECI purchasing 96 mws at $38 for HE 9.  The P&L showed this deal at $40.  I offered to meet in the middle at $39.  Kurt preferred to pull the tapes and review the deal with his day guy that did the deal.  This is a heads up on the situation. 
In reference to Steve Kean and Cindy Olson's previous memo on the PRC, one-hour classes for preparing and communicating performance feedback have been scheduled.  If you would like to learn how to present feedback in an effective and positive manner, please feel free to attend any of the following classes: Tuesday January 2 8:30 am to 9:30 am Room 49C4 Wednesday January 3 8:30 am to 9:30 am Room 20C2 Monday January 8 8:30 am to 9:30 pm Room 49C1 Tuesday January 9 8:30 am to 9:30 am Room 49C4 Wednesday  January 10 8:30 am to 9:30 am Room 49C3 Thursday January 11 8:30 am to 9:30 am Room 49C4 NOTE:  Notification of attendance is not necessary. 
Sheila: In response to your note of November 1 regarding the above referenced topic, I would like to be sure that the following are included among my reviewers: Thanks, Jeff 
Paul: Any progress here. Jeff Jeff, Thanks for the note.  Tony is out today, but will be in tomorrow I will talk to him then. pak Jeffrey.T.Hodge@enron.com on 11/29/2000 04:37:02 PM Paul: Sorry that I have been tied up recently and I am e-mailing this to you because I misplaced your phone number.  In any event, we are involved in some contractual price reopener discussions with Duke under our supply contract with Duke.  In connection with those discussions, Duke has made certain information requests which we are obligated to respond to.  These discussions will ultimately lead to an arbitration.  One of the requests relates to our downstream sales of the gas which ultimately goes to FPL. If you need more information or would like to discuss this further, please contact me at 713-853-6911.  Thanks again for your help. Jeff Release Jeff,  When I asked Tony Altmann to sign the letter, he asked for more detail than I could remember about why we are agreeing to do this.  Could you provide me with that information.  I think you probably had this conversation with Joe Step, but he is out of town today.  Thanks for your help. paul Jeffrey.T.Hodge@enron.com on 11/20/2000 10:51:16 AM Paul: Sorry for the delay.  My fax number is 713-646-3490. Thanks, Jeff Release Jeff,   I'll fax it to you as soon as it is signed.  [E-mail your fax number to me.]  Thanks. pak Jeffrey.T.Hodge@enron.com on 11/17/2000 09:13:30 AM Paul: Your changes are fine with me.  I will forward the letter via express mail for Monday delivery. Thanks, Jeff 
Debbie: My first choice is March 30.  My second choice is March 29. Thanks, Jeff =09Debbie Nowak@ENRON =0903/07/2001 02:56 PM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Jeff Donahue/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Timothy= =20 Donley/HOU/EES@EES, Jacek Drezewski/EU/Enron@ENRON, Terence=20 D'Souza/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, James I Ducote/HOU/ECT@ECT, W= =20 David Duran/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Dushinske/ET&S/Enron, Ranabir Dutt/Corp/Enron= ,=20 Fernley Dyson/LON/ECT@ECT, Joseph E Earle/HOU/EES@EES, Anne=20 Edgley/LON/ECT@ECT, Meredith M Eggleston/HOU/EES@EES, Bill=20 Eichner/EFS/EES@EES, Jeff Forbis/HOU/EES@EES, Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON,= =20 Scott Gahn/HOU/EES@EES, Paul D Gavens/ETOL/EU/Enron@ENRON, Jackie=20 Gentle/LON/ECT@ECT, Dana R Gibbs/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stinson Gibner/HOU/ECT@ECT,= =20 John Gillis/ENRON@enronXgate, James Ginty/Enron Communications@Enron=20 Communications, Ben Glisan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Joe Gold/LON/ECT@ECT, David=20 Gorte/HOU/ECT, Robert Greer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Thomas D Gros/NA/Enron, Robert=20 Gross/SA/Enron@Enron, Bill Gulyassy/NA/Enron, Dave Gunther/NA/Enron@Enron,= =20 Robert L Hall/ET&S/Enron@Enron, Richard Harper/LON/ECT@ECT, Clay=20 Harris/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, James Harris/HOU/EES@EES, Matt= =20 Harris/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Joe=20 Hartsoe/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Peggy Hedstrom/CAL/ECT@ECT, John=20 Henderson/HOU/EES@EES, Greg Hermans/Corp/Enron, Diane Hetzel/Enron=20 Communications@Enron Communications, Robert Hill/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Joseph P= =20 Hirl/AP/ENRON@ENRON, Jeffrey T Hodge/HOU/ECT@ECT, Howard W=20 Holland/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Chris Holmes/HOU/EES@EES, Stev= e=20 Hotte/Corp/Enron, Kevin Howard/Enron Communications@Enron Communications,= =20 David Howe/Corp/Enron, Kevin Hughes/HOU/EES@EES, Gene Humphrey/HOU/ECT,=20 Robert Hurt/HOU/EES@EES, Michael J Hutchinson/EU/Enron@Enron, Harold=20 Inman/Corp/Enron@Enron, Charlene Jackson/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Robert=20 Jones/Corp/Enron, Scott Josey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mary=20 Joyce/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT, Allan=20 Keel/Corp/Enron@Enron, James E Keller/HOU/EES@EES, Marty Keyser/EFS/EES@EES= ,=20 Kelly Kimberly/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Kyle=20 Kitagawa/CAL/ECT@ECT, Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark=20 Koenig/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kevin Kohnstamm/Enron Communications@Enron=20 Communications, Michael Kopper/HOU/ECT@ECT, Maurizio La=20 Noce/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENt, Elizabeth Labanowski/EPSC/HOU/ECT= ,=20 Dwight Larson/Corp/Enron, John J Lavorato/Corp/Enron, Dan Leff/HOU/EES@EES,= =20 Richard Lewis/LON/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: Your Invitation to Enron's Executive Forum - 1st Quarter 20= 01 The Office of the Chairman would like to invite you to participate at an=20 Enron Executive Forum.  This invitation is extended to anyone who attended an Executive Impact and Influence Program within the pa= st=20 two years.  These informal, interactive forums will be 90 minutes in length and held several times per year. Most of the participants in the Executive Impact and Influence program have= =20 indicated a strong desire to express opinions, share ideas, and ask questions to the Office of the Chairman. Although not=20 mandatory to attend, the forums are designed to address those issues.  They= =20 also afford the Office of the Chairman opportunities to speak directly to i= ts=20 executive team, describe plans and initiatives, do =01&reality checks=018, = create a=20 =01&rallying point=018 and ensure Enron=01,s executive management is on the= page=018 about where Enron is going---and why. Choice: (Please rank in order of preference 1 or 2 for a session below.  Yo= u=20 will attend only one session.) ______ Thursday, March 29, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M ______ Friday, March 30, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M The Office of the Chairman will host the forum. Here=01,s how it will work: ? Each session will have approximately 20 participants. ? The format will be honest, open, interactive dialogue. ? This will be your forum. Don=01,t expect to simply sit and listen to=20 presentations.=20 ? This will not be the place for anonymity. You can safely ask your own=20 questions and express your own opinions. ? You can submit questions/issues in advance or raise them during the forum= . ? Some examples of topics you might want to discuss include, but are not=20 limited to: the direction of Enron, business   goals/results, M&A activitie= s,=20 projects/initiatives, culture, leadership, management practices, diversity,= =20 values, etc. Because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates, we=20 encourage you to accept this invitation only if you=20 intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to d= o=20 the same. For planning purposes, it is essential that=20 you RSVP no later than Friday, March 16, 2001 by return e-mail to Debbie=20 Nowak, or via fax 713.646.8586. =20 Once we have ensured an even distribution of participants throughout these= =20 sessions, we will confirm with you, in writing, as to what session you will attend.  We will try to honor requests for firs= t=20 choices as much as possible. =20 Should you have any questions or concerns, please notify Gerry Gibson by=20 e-mail (gerry.gibson@enron.com).  Gerry can also be reached at 713.345.6806= . Thank you. 
Interesting reading - some applicable for Florida. Steve 11:20 AM --------------------------- "Samantha Slater" <SSLATER@epsa.org> on 01/25/2001 10:46:23 AM As promised... Samantha Samantha M. Slater Manager of State & Regional Affairs Electric Power Supply Association 1401 H Street, N.W. Suite 760 Washington, D.C.  20005 Phone: 202-789-7200 Fax: 202-789-7201 E-mail: sslater@epsa.org 
Dear GISB Members & Interested Industry Participants, The GISB industry comment period begins today and ends on May 31 for the recommendations following recommendations:  R97064D, R98031, R98035B, R98085, R99035, R99050 and the Minimum Guidelines recommended by the Future Technology Task Force.  Subcommittees and task forces submitted the recommendations for your review on April 26, April 27, May 1 and May 2. A brief description of the recommendations is attached with the announcement of the comment period and the recommendations themselves can be accessed from the GISB Web site.  Due to the number of pages (194), the recommendations follow in a separate email, which can be downloaded at your convenience should you choose to do so. All comments received by the GISB office by end of business May 31 will be posted on the Home Page and forwarded to the Executive Committee (EC) members for their consideration.  The EC members will consider all comments and are scheduled to cast their votes on these recommendations on June 15 at the EC meeting at the offices of Boeing in Seattle, Washington. If you have difficulty retrieving this document, please call the GISB office at (713) 356-0060. Best Regards,  GISB Office (If you are on this Membership and General Notices distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed. If you would like to add other participants from your company to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB office.  GISB follows a privacy policy and will not provide your email address to other groups for their use.) 
Dear GISB Members & Interested Industry Participants, The GISB industry comment period begins today and ends on May 31 for the recommendations following recommendations:  R97064D, R98031, R98035B, R98085, R99035, R99050 and the Minimum Guidelines recommended by the Future Technology Task Force. The request for comment period announcement and each recommendation are attached in one .pdf file.  The document uses the bookmark feature of Adobe for ease of navigation.  The document is 194 pages in length. All comments received by the GISB office by end of business May 31 will be posted on the Home Page and forwarded to the Executive Committee (EC) members for their consideration.  The EC members will consider all comments and are scheduled to cast their votes on these recommendations on June 15 at the EC meeting at the offices of Boeing in Seattle, Washington. If you have difficulty retrieving this document, please call the GISB office at (713) 356-0060. Best Regards,  GISB Office (If you are on this Membership and General Notices distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed. If you would like to add other participants from your company to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB office.  GISB follows a privacy policy and will not provide your email address to other groups for their use.) 
Please see attached 
Susan, I spoke this morning with Nancy Manderson (outside counsel for our crime policy insurer).  She has accepted my changes to the Assignment and Release, and she will be forwarding an original of the Assignment and Release to EOTT for execution.  She said we will have our check for $2,503,000.00 next week!  The check will be delivered to Phillip Bair with our insurance broker. We also had a long conversation about the insurer's claim against Gas Producers.  I shared with Nancy some of the research we have done on the conversion claim against Gas Producers.  I assured her that EOTT would fully cooperate if the insurer did pursue the claim against Gas Producers.  I gathered from her comments, however, that the insurer is concerned that Gas Producers may not have sufficient assets to satisfy anything but a small judgment.  I do not know whether the insurer has actually conducted a "financial investigation" of Gas Producers. 
With the Holiday Season and a New Year upon us, I would like to take this= =20 opportunity to thank each of you for the contributions you=01,ve made this = year=20 to the success of Enron Transportation Services Company and Enron.  Your ha= rd=20 work and dedication continue to add value across the Enron organization.=20 I hope that you and your family have a Happy Holiday and a safe New Year. 
Ms. Conners: Thank you for your recent letter regarding my personal financial situation.    I do appreciate your concern and interest; however, I have a very qualified financial advisor who handles ALL of my personal financial needs. Please remove my name from your written correspondence/phone call contact list. Sincerely, Stan Horton Enron 
Have you had any luck in finding Ann Elizabeth's form? 
Debra, okay. Please see attached draft.   I will forward same to Clarence Mitchell. Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron.com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 
Kim, that I show has been signed with the City.  Please review and compare it to your current proposal.  We can revisit on Monday and I will then generate a new Transaction Agreement. Dan, Attached is a term sheet that has been agreed to with the City of Pasadena to extend a current deal that we have with some minor changes.  Could you help me put together the confirmation? Please call me with any questions. Thanks, Kim 
Clement, attached is a guaranty draft from Enterprise Products Operating, LP who is providing a guaranty to cover two new potential EOL counterparties, Pontchartrain Natural Gas System and Calcasieu Gas Gathering System.  Please review them and let me know if there are any comments or questions.  The one comment I'll make is that we are unsure of our comfort with the dollar amount that they propose, but everything else is probably OK.  I can be reached at 5-3595.  Thanks for your help. Walter [mailto:IMCEANOTES-Ken+20Theis+20+3CKTheis+40eprod+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com] Sent: Tuesday, April 10, 2001 2:04 PM Attached is the Guaranty we discussed earlier. Let me know if you have any questions.     Ken Theis 
I have again reviewed the master listing which Melissa prepared last Thursday and compared the names thereon to the RRC listing of Investor Owned Companies Filing Annual Reports for calendar year 1997.  Based thereon, the following companies should be excluded from the gas sales agreements being transferred to HPL: City of Brazoria D & H Gas Company, Inc. Empire Pipeline Corp. Entex, a Division of NorAm Energy Corp. Gulf Gas Utilities Company Lone Star Gas Company Markham Gas Corp. Oasis Pipe Line Company Petrofina Gas Pipeline Company Reliant Energy - Entex Southern Union Company  ---- This should be "Southern  Union Gas Company, a division of               Southern Union Company" Southern Union Gas Company Texas Utilities Fuel Company Unit Gas Transmission Company Inc. Additionally, we need to verify that Global Contract # 96003955 is not "Western Gas Resources-Texas, Inc."  If it is, it should also be excluded. Also excluded is the Central Desk deal with "Central Illinois Light Company". Have we determined if the agreements with "Entex Gas Marketing Company" and "Mercado Gas Services, Inc." are staying or going? 
Art, Attached is the contract that would govern this transaction.  Barry and I have discussed San Juan risks but we are willing to take it - however, the actual offer at this time is $4.65 for 15,000 to 20,000 delivered at the Blanco Pool.  When you are ready to transact, I will update the exact price at that time.  Let me know what you want to do. Thanks, Kim 
Charlotte, was omitted by accident.  My copy of the signed agreement has 12.7.  I am attaching the proposed Amendment for your review and comments.   I added the Gas Daily Midpoint Price to  be used as a default index when a index was not specified and for online transactions.  Please review and let me have your comments,  if okay, please start the execution process and forward 2 to me for signature by ENA. 
Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron.com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 
Please see below, Global Contracts has approved copying the profile for the new product types. THX: Kelly@5-8491 05:30 PM --------------------------- Anthony Campos@ECT 03/13/2001 05:24 PM Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd Approved. Thank You, Anthony Oil 3% Fin Spd Please approve the new product codes below.  Reply by e-mail - deadline is 9 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14th. THX: Kelly 05:12 PM --------------------------- Lombardi/NA/Enron@Enron Oil 3% Fin Spd The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product types US Residual Fuel Oil 1% Fin Spd and US Residual Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd.  Credit (Tom Moran) has approved copying the profiles for the new product types from the following: Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14. Thank you.  Lisa Chris Walker 03/13/2001 10:46 AM Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bjorn Hagelmann/HOU/ECT, Tom Moran/HOU/ECT, Veronica Hill/NA/Enron, Larry Joe Hunter/HOU/ECT@ECT Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT, Karen Lambert/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kelly Lombardi/NA/Enron@Enron, Tara Sweitzer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dawn C Kenne/HOU/ECT@ECT, Torrey Moorer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Meredith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Melba Lozano/HOU/ECT@ECT, Robert B Cass/HOU/ECT@ECT Fin Spd / US Residual Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd) Your review and approval of the following 2 product types in the EOL Datamanager is needed (for directions on approval , please see steps for approval at the bottom of this e-mail) Trader:  Sarah Mulholland US Residual Fuel Oil 1% Fin Spd US Residual Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd STEPS FOR APPROVAL: click the  START button select  PROGRAMS select  TEST APPLICATIONS select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD) click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager) click on the "+" for EnronOnLine click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved" 
We have received executed copies of the Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement dated 3/19/01 and the Fee Agreement dated 3/19/01 with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be sent to Lisa Lees. 
Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT See attached revised language per the request of Jay Epstein that interest not be inlcuded in the calculation. Cordially, Mary Cook Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith, 38th Floor, Legal Houston, Texas   77002-7361 (713) 345-7732 (phone) (713) 646-3490 (fax) mary.cook@enron.com 
do we leave one trade only docs off the monthly list so as to not confuse people? Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 2001 9:09 AM Gordon; Aguayo, Janie; Bailey, Derek; Anderson, Diane; Tackett, Scott; Cisneros, Celeste; Brewer, Julie; Fischer, Jason; Garcia, Jorge; Hundl, Kimberly; Ornelas, Bianca; Murphy, Melissa Ann; Seib, Dianne; Theriot, Kim; Bell, Jean; Cason, Sharen; Whalen, Melinda; Piwetz, Stephanie; Rodriguez, Melissa; Williams, Tiffany; Bradford, William S.; Brackett, Debbie R.; Rohauer, Tanya; Reves, Brant; Diamond, Russell; Campbell, Lesli; Lebrocq, Wendi; Sacks, Edward; Espinoza, Veronica; Gonzalez, Veronica; Radous, Paul; Williams, Jason R (Credit); Johnson, Rudwell; Vanek, Darren; Rajaram, Aparna; Conwell, Wendy; Curry, Ken; Moran, Tom; Mendoza, Nidia; Brown, Angela Y.; Ngo, Tracy; Landry, Shemeika S.; Otto, Randy; Colbert, Marilyn; Ellstrom, Diane; Shivers, Lynn; Hare, Bill D.; Reeves, Leslie; Moore, Jason; Schott, Samuel; Campos, Anthony; Rodriguez, Bernice; Neuner, Dale; Lambert, Karen; Davis, Frank L.; Southard, Carrie; Ebow, Amber; Richardson, Stacey; Lees, Lisa; Gerard, Camille; Landau, Georgi; Johnson, Cheryl; Sever, Stephanie; Crawford, Sharon; Sietzema, Linda; Hendry, Brent; Shackleton, Sara; Taylor, Mark; Bailey, Susan; Cook, Mary; Jones, Tana; Leite, Francisco Pinto; Nelson, Cheryl; Sayre, Frank; Davis, Angela; Keiser, Holly; Heard, Marie We have received an executed financial Master Agreement: Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) Effective Date:   May 1, 2001 Enron Entity:   Enron Canada Corp. Counterparty:   Lakeside Feeders Ltd., by and through its division, Lakeside Packers Transactions Covered:  THIS ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT CAN BE USED BY COUNTERPARTY Confirming Entity:  None Governing Law:   None Copies will be distributed. Stephanie Panus 
I agree that the current Word document approval form will not be very practical once we scale up. Going forward, we could be looking at some kind of database solution as implemented for EnronOnline. TV Bryan Seyfried 20/05/2000 13:09 Simons/LON/ECT@ECT, Debbie R Brackett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rod Nelson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Edmund Cooper/LON/ECT@ECT, Tana Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT, ECT London Credit Trading Although this makes a lot of sense, how are going to implement it?  We plan to scale massively and I cannot imagine that this will be efficient enough to facilitate the time frames and number of reference credits that we are anticipating.  I think that we need to have a general policy that we can look to instead of approving them on a one off basis. Let's discuss 19/05/2000 11:42 Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT, Paul Simons/LON/ECT@ECT, Edmund Cooper/LON/ECT@ECT, William S Bradford/HOU/ECT@ECT, Debbie R Brackett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rod Nelson/HOU/ECT@ECT Attached is an Approval Form that will have to be completed to request if we want to trade with a new counterparty or on a new reference credit. I have incorporated comments from Origination, Credit and Legal. But should you have any further comments please let me know ASAP, as I plan to introduce this form by the middle of next week. (Note that there will be two forms, one for bankruptcy swaps and one for other credit derivatives.) Regards 
Scott, Is there someone else in your group who can get Brent access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database? I will be out of the office from 07/17/2000 until 07/24/2000. I will be checking email & voice mail regularly, but if you need to contact me I can be reached by mobile phone at (281)-788-0243.  If it is an emergency, please contact the Notes Development Group at 3-6929. 
Mark I am working with D. Forster & Leonardo Pacheco to get Argentina launched on EnronOnline, I am attaching the customer list with their profiles for your review (I am not sure if you already have it), please let me know if you have any questions/comments Thanks Carlos Alatorre x5-8705 04:16 PM --------------------------- Patrick Hansen 10/03/2000 04:40 PM Esta es la lista que querias. 
Michael Slade forwarded me your advice  with respect to the Non-Disclosure Agreement with i2 Technologies.  We appreciate your help on this.  Per my conversation with Mark Taylor, this NDA will probably be the first of many coming from the EnronCredit.com business group located here in Houston and pursuing US based customers.  We wanted to confirm with you that on a going forward basis that are no tax problems with these EnronCredit.com employees executing NDA's as well as other contracts here in Houston.  Thanks for your help with this. 
Another good one! Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron Broadband Services Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-8537 Marie_Heard@Enron.net Sent: Saturday, December 02, 2000 11:01 AM Sent: Thursday, November 30, 2000 9:16 AM Ridley'; Schafer, Brent Here's one I haven't seen before ---- very clever. This e-mail message is intended only for the use of the individuals or entities to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged and/or confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying of, or the taking of any action in reliance upon the contents of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately at 713-651-9191. Thank you. 
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 1/21/00. Regards Molly 
Carol - I am sorry for not having gotten back to you sooner, but I have been pulled onto a couple of projects that have required specific focus over the last couple of days. I have looked at the provisions of Paragraph 5(b).  We can add the following language to the end of the paragraph to address some of your concerns: "unless such access, entry or action taken or not taken arises from the failure of Enron to maintain commercially reasonable security controls for the web site or otherwise from the negligence or intentional misconduct of Enron and its directors, officers, employees, agents or contractors" Please let me know your thoughts.  If this is acceptable, I will work on a clean draft showing all final revisions and forward that to you later today or tomorrow morning.  If the above is not acceptable I am not sure there is anything further that I can propose. Thanks for your patience. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone:     713-345-8897 Facsimile: 713-646-3940 E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@enron.com 
Never mind...! Pls see below - I did answer you specifically about WAPA. I am OK to open them for trading in the West. I don't know what CRSP means - maybe Credit does... With respect to Western Area Power Administration - CRSP.  Can't "ditto" Credit on that one, Credit gives no direction as to what they want to trade. The database reflects that Leslie approved them to trade power already in July of last year, so my intention is to keep them open.  I don't know what "CRSP" means at the end of their name, do you? With regard to: UAMPS: Approved for West Physical Power, Buys and Sales Western Area Power Administration: Approved for West Physical Power, Buys and Sales With regard to: Utah Municipal Power Agency: NOT APPROVED  (not a current CP/Not FERC authorized) With regard to everyone else on the list: Ditto Credit Thanks, Shari Stack/HOU/ECT@ECT, Harry M Collins/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Minns/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENt, Marie Heard/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Robbi Rossi/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, John Viverito/Corp/Enron@Enron, Jane McBride/AP/Enron@Enron, Andrea Calo/SA/Enron@Enron, Peter Keohane/CAL/ECT@ECT Schott/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brant Reves/HOU/ECT@ECT, Debbie R Brackett/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Hardy/LON/ECT@ECT, Lesli Campbell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Cynthia Clark/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Enron Europe Global Contracts and Facilities, Enron Europe Global CounterParty/LON/ECT@ECT, Stephanie Sever/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bradford/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lisa Lees/HOU/ECT@ECT, Juana Fayett/Corp/Enron@Enron, Jana Morse/Corp/Enron@Enron, Trang Le/HOU/ECT@ECT, Paul Maley/LON/ECT@ECT, Sonya Clarke/LON/ECT@ECT, Lee Munden/LON/ECT@ECT, Tim Davies/LON/ECT@ECT, Karen O'Day/NA/Enron@Enron, Tanya Rohauer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kelly Lombardi/NA/Enron@Enron, Brian Lindsay/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, EOL Call Center, Bernice Rodriguez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bill D Hare/HOU/ECT@ect Please see attached. 
Neither ENA/RAC/EGF employees nor family members or others living in their household or financially dependent on the ENA/RAC/EGF employee may purchase or sell securities of any entity (or derivatives thereof) listed on the Restricted List for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend the purchase or sale of such securities to any person, except with the prior approval of the Compliance Department in consultation with the ENA Legal Department. In addition to the trading restrictions above, should you at any time possess non-public material information about any public company, you, your family members and anybody that is financially dependent on you, are restricted from trading in that issue, and you may not disclose the non-public material information to anyone that does not have a business need to know. Company Name Stock Symbol Adrian Resources Beau Canada Exploration Ltd BAU CN Belco Oil & Gas Corporation BOG Bonus Resource Services Corp BOU Brigham Exploration BEXP CanFibre Group Ltd. CFGL Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc. CRZO Costilla Energy COSE Crown Energy CROE CyNet, Inc. CYNE Cypress Energy CYZ Esenjay Exploration ESNJ Hanover Compressor Co. HC ICE Drilling Enterprises Inc. IDF Industrial Holdings, Inc. IHII Inland Resources, Inc. INLN Kafus Environmental Industries, Inc. KS Nakornthai Strip Mill Public Co Ltd NSM SET Paladin Resources PLC PLR LD Paradigm Geophysical PGEOF Place Resources, Inc. PLG CN Quanta Services Inc. PWR Queen Sand Resources, Inc. QSRI Quicksilver Resources Inc. KWK Rhythms Netconnection Inc. RTHM Saxon Petroleum, Inc. SXN CN Startech SEH CN Syntroleum Corp. SYNM Tejon Ranch Corp. TRC Titan Exploration TEXP TransCoastal Marine Services, Inc. TCMS Zargon Oil & Gas ZAR CN The Restricted List is solely for the internal use of ENA/RAC/EGF.  No one may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the Restricted List with persons outside ENA/RAC/EGF without specific clearance from the Compliance Department in consultation with the ENA Legal Department. In addition to the above, you are reminded that pursuant to Enron Corp.'s Risk Management Policy ("Policy"), no ENA/RAC/EGF employee may engage in the trading of any "Position"  ("Position" means any  commodity, financial instrument, security, equity, financial asset or liability that are authorized for trading in the Policy for the benefit of any party other than ENA/RAC/EGF, whether for his/her own account or the account of any third party, where such Position relates to (i) any commodity,  financial instrument, security, equity, financial asset or liability which falls within such employee's responsibility at ENA/RAC/EGF or (ii) any energy commodity. The prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth in ENA's Policies and Procedures Regarding Confidential Information and Securities Trading, Enron Corp.'s Risk Management Policy, or Enron Corp.'s Conduct of Business Affairs.  Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact me at ext. 31939. 
Shirley, I might have  already sent it to you with a request to renew. Vince 03:23 PM --------------------------- Dear Vince, This is to inform you that your subscription to Power Finance and Risk will be up for renewal in February.  In the past, such renewals were routed to Info Central to be paid.  Our department has changed its focus to research. As a courtesy, we will be happy to process your subscription for the next year.  Please let me know if you would like to renew and include your Cost Center and Company Codes with the renewal. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. Sincerely, Stephanie E. Taylor eSource (formerly Info Central) 713/345-7928 
Jennifer, I can rearrange some other meetings. Thursday, Oct 26 @ 3:00 works for me. Vince Jennifer Burns 10/24/2000 04:14 PM Palmer/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Cindy Derecskey/Corp/Enron@Enron, Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, Shirley Crenshaw/HOU/ECT@ECT, Beth Miertschin/HOU/ECT@ECT, Christie Patrick/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kristin Gandy/NA/Enron@Enron Lets try for Friday, October 27 @ 9:00AM, Please let me know if you are available.  Thanks! 04:07 PM --------------------------- Jennifer Burns 10/23/2000 11:08 AM Mulholland/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Palmer/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kristin Gandy/NA/Enron@Enron, Beth Miertschin/HOU/ECT@ECT, Christie Patrick/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT Jeff Shankman would like to have a meeting RE: Wharton Strategy.  Please let me know if you would be available Thursday, October 26 @ 3:00.  I will get back with everyone to confirm a location.  Thanks! Jennifer 
FYI Sent: Wednesday, April 18, 2001 8:29 AM Here's information of Credit Dimensions.  They are a PriceWaterhouseCoopers company scheduled to be spun off in June.  They are attempting to offer a full suite of credit risk management related information and analytical tools.  Their counterparty data base is on line as of March 01.  The analytical tools are due in June 01.  They say the counterparty database contains info. on 100K US and European names, both public and private, as well as "parent-child" hierarchy.  They have agreed to let us have a look at the data for no charge.  Mike Mumford is coordinating the test, and is due to contact them Thursday or Friday of this week.  Take a look at the PowerPoint file attached to this message for more information on their capabilities. Regards, Kim Detiveaux [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+3Cc+2Ecraig+2Epalmore+40us+2Epwcglobal+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@EN RON.com] Sent: Friday, April 13, 2001 11:17 AM Kim, Attached are the Business Development agreement and the expanded Powerpoint presentation which provides more details on the data. I have us scheduled to meet here in New York on May 1st from  9 to 10:30am. We'll look to hear from Mike Mumford next Friday, 4/20 for the data sample. The attached Powerpoint shows the data elements from CreditDimensions. I understand the Confidentialty Agreement should be back late next week. With that we can also get to the Provider Agreement and Subscription Agreement during our May 1st meeting. Very best, Craig 212-520-2615 (See attached file: Business Development Agreement_12_April_2001.doc)(See attached file: CreditDimensions_10April.ppt) The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.   If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
Hi David, It was nice meeting you and Jana again. I hope you will have terrific vacation. It's likely to be very hot, wherever you go. Vince P.S. Our  e-mail addresses are  vkaminski@aol.com   and    ludkam @aol.com "David Phillips" <DavidPhillips@bankunited.com> on 08/04/2000 08:48:07 AM Dear Vince: Jana and I really enjoyed having dinner with you and Ludmila last Saturday night.  It was very nice getting to meet and visit with Ludmila. We will call you later this month after we get back from vacation. Sincerely, David Phillips Bank United (713) 543-5528 P.S.:  As we discussed at dinner, please send me your home e-mail address. 
More on the CFOs conference. Vince 08:24 AM --------------------------- David Ikenberry <daveike@rice.edu> on 03/30/2001 07:21:11 PM <parrino@mail.utexas.edu> Andres Almazan Don Chew John Freeman Geoge Gau Vince Kaminski Bob Marchesi John Martin Vojislav Maksimovic Laura Starks Art Warga Michael Weisbach Dear Friends Attached is some registration and logistical information relating to the upcoming corporate finance conference on May 4-5 in Houston.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact Sheridan, Bob or myself. The program is shaping up nicely, however one of us may draft to serve in some small, but helpful capacity. Sheridan Titman, 512.232.2787, titman@mail.utexas.edu , Bob Parrino at parrino@mail.utexas.edu Dave Ikenberry, 713.348.5385 , daveike@rice.edu As of today, the list of firms sending a representative include: Pfizer Pacificare Cooper Industries RadioShack Pepsi Delphi Automotive Microsoft Whirlpool Enron Johnson Controls Airgas Sara Lee Dell Conoco Prof. David Ikenberry Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University 713-348-5385 
SENT ON BEHALF OF TERRIE JAMES. Kathy McMahon Enron Broadband Services Public Relations 713-853-6232 Steve, I apologize for the delay.  We just got the presentation.  Hope it helps. Terrie James Sr. Director, Corporate Communication Enron Broadband Services 713-853-7727 (phone) 713-646-8887 (fax) terrie_james@enron.net Hello Terrie, I understand you were hoping to get a copy of Gary Hamel's Powerpoint slide presentation.  It is attached. Our apologies that it took so long! Best to you, Grace 650.851.2095 
houston Bryson? 3-6424 -- Peggy Menchaca Kathleen Leslie Lawner - gas choice Fumo3 (4,8,11,12,20) Peco 15 ( 39235 Lauren Cox 9416377899 
Can we do? 01:38 PM --------------------------- Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/02/2000 01:31 PM Sam tells me (confirmed by Sierra) that the Governor is expected to make an announcement about the market opening date, etc.,, by this Wednesday.   Can we get Ken Lay to make a call early this week? I've attached some message points and a backgrounder.    Page me if you need to chat. 
This is CUBR's draft press release that will be sent out Tuesday (Oct. 5). Let me know if you have any comments. Thanks - Jeff 
More info. 02:33 PM --------------------------- Elizabeth Tilney@EES 08/31/2000 08:57 AM Sent by: Ruth Ann Brown@EES Mahoney/HOU/EES@EES, Cris Kinsler/HOU/EES@EES, Ray Bennett/HOU/EES@EES, Chris Reedy/HOU/EES@EES, Dan Leff/HOU/EES@EES, Marty Sunde/HOU/EES@EES, Mark S Muller/HOU/EES@EES, Cindy Olson/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Harold G Buchanan/HOU/EES@EES, Jeremy Blachman/HOU/EES@EES, Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES@EES, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron Dodgen/HOU/EES@EES, Carol Moffett/HOU/EES@EES, Kathryn Greer/HOU/EES@EES, Bobbie Power/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Beverly Aden/HOU/EES@EES, Sharon Dick/HOU/EES@EES, Leasa Lopez/HOU/EES@EES, Maureen McVicker/NA/Enron@Enron Please see the attached from Beth Tilney. 
Steve: As you requested, the following is a detailed update on pipeline safety legislation currently moving through Congress: Pipeline safety reauthorization legislation Authorization for pipeline safety programs, as administered by the U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Office of Pipeline Safety (OPS), is currently set to expire at the end of FY 2000.    At the beginning of the 106th Congress, industry was focused on securing a simple, two year re-authorization bill that basically extends current pipeline safety programs with some modest increases in funding levels.  In fact, the House Commerce Committee (who shares jurisdiction over pipeline safety with the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee) acted early in 1999 to pass a simple, two year reauthorization bill (H.R. 1378). Unfortunately, the issue became more complex from that point.   A serious liquid pipeline accident in Bellingham, Washington that occurred last summer, killing several children, dramatically changed the debate over pipeline safety.   Members of the House and Senate from Washington state (backed by the governor and numerous state and local officials) moved swiftly to introduce legislation that they feel is designed to address some of the shortcomings in federal pipeline regulation that they believe may have allowed the Bellingham incident to occur. In the Senate, Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) has introduced S. 2004, which is designed to expand State authority over interstate pipelines in several new areas, such as inspection and testing, emergency response plans, leak detection, and operator training and qualification.   The bill also would authorize a large increase in OPS funding through pipeline user fees, to increase the amount of grants to the States, allow for hiring of additional inspectors, and increase R&D for inspection and leak detection technologies. The current OPS budget is around $36 million (with $30 million from user fees) -- the Murray bill would authorize $50 million in FY2001, which would require a sizeable increase in user fees.  Senator Slade Gorton (R-WA) has recently decided to co-sposnor the Murray bill, and will be actively involved in trying to gain Republican support for the bill.   On the House side, Rep. Jack Metcalf (R-WA) has introduced a similar bill, H.R. 3558, which a number of the Washington representatives have co-sponsored. Interstate natural gas pipelines have been placed in a very difficult situation.    The Bellingham incident was a liquid pipeline accident, and liquids pipelines generally have less stringent regulatory requirements than natural gas pipelines.   The Washington delegation has highlighted the fact that 280 deaths and 1500 injuries have occurred over the past 14 years related to natural gas pipeline incidents, but they fail to distinguish the fact that almost all of those incidents were on LDC systems (which ironically, are entirely State regulated).  Only 39 fatalities in that period were natural-gas related, and the majority of those accidents were caused by third party damage.  In short, the INGAA crowd is being dragged down by the poor records of the LDCs and the liquid pipelines. The calls for more state regulation of interstate pipeline are largely misguided, based on the fact that the interstate pipelines under federal regulation have an exemplary safety record.   In addition, OPS is already working on a "Pipeline Integrity" Rulemaking that would implement a number of additional measures to prevent accidents on federally-regulated pipelines. As you mentioned, INGAA has not been doing the best job representing us on these issues.  They have been working in a group effort with API, AGA, and the Association of Oil Pipelines (AOPL) to try and deflect the negative claims of the Murray and Metcalf legislation, but have not been forceful enough in distinguishing interstate natural gas pipelines' positive record from the liquids and LDCs.  Thus, they have given the impression that INGAA companies might be willing to submit to additional regulation that liquids and LDC are under political pressure to submit to due to Bellingham.  We have been working with other major INGAA companies (El Paso, in particular) to make sure that the perspective and positive record of our natural gas pipelines is heard clearly by the key legislators. The odds of these measures (S. 2004, H.R. 3558) passing on their own is fairly slim.   They will get a great deal of attention, however.  The Senate Commerce Committee held a field hearing in Bellingham, Washington yesterday, at which Senators Gorton and Murray testified along with OPS and the families of Bellingham victims -- the press coverage was not good (i.e., USA Today cover story "When Pipelines Are Time Bombs").   These bills (or portions of them) will likely be offered and considered as amendments to Pipeline Safety Reauthorization legislation as it comes before the House Transportation & Infrastructure and Senate Commerce Committee later this year. The increased controversy caused by these bills will likely doom efforts to pass a pipeline safety reauthorization bill this year.   The leadership of the House and Senate Committees will not likely want to face a bitter debate between safety advocates, OPS, States, and industry in their committees in this tough election year.   While this is probably a good sign, there is an increased risk that industry may face some large hurdles in the appropriations process. Appropriations Legislation While Members of Congress push for their stand alone bills and/or amendments to reauthorization bills, the greater danger is that some of these issues will be dealt with in an appropriations context.    In particular, the fact that Senator Slade Gorton is now actively engaged in pushing for extensive pipeline safety reforms is troubling -- he is a key member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, is close to Republican leadership, and has a tough re-election fight coming up.   Senator Murray is also on Senate Appropriations.  Both are on the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, which funds OPS. It is quite likely that the Senators will make a push to get increases in the OPS budget for FY 2001 that would enable the kinds of reforms contemplated by their stand-alone legislation (more state funding, more inspectors, more R&D).  Much of this increase would be funded through increases in user fees. INGAA indicates that it expects we could be facing increases in the range of 10-15% from FY2000.   There is also the possibility that an attempt will be made to add legislative riders to the OPS appropriations -- such as requiring OPS to mandate inspections, increase operator qualifications, or allow increased state authority.   I would predict that legislative riders can be prevented, but it will be very difficult to avoid some kind of increases (beyond mere adjustments for inflation) in the OPS budget and user fees. The reauthorization will indeed receive attention in 2000, but our advocacy efforts will clearly need to be focused on the appropriations process, in order to minimize the impact on interstate pipeline user fees and prevent other harmful mandates. We will continue to work with key members of the authorizing and appropriations committees to ensure that the interstate natural gas perspective is clearly heard and, if possible, we avoid being dragged down in attempts to impose more strict regulation on liquids and LDCs. Please let me know if you have questions or require additional information. Thank you. 
Fly to DC from Biloxi 
Here is Part I of the Staff report (on Calfornia). 
Attached are electronic versions of wind's draft Schedules 5.08(a), 5.11(b) and 7.02(d).  Note: these will be consolidated with the rest of wind's disclosure schedules, which were distributed to you last night. Patricia F. Reilly Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. 3700 Trammell Crow Center 2001 Ross Avenue Dallas, Texas 75201 Telephone: (214) 220-7801 Facsimile: (214) 999-7801 preilly@velaw.com The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review ,dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank You. 
The attached media statement was sent out to media this evening. John Ambler has asked me to forward the same to you fyi regards Jimmy 
Here are the best clips on the FERC's Wednesday actions as of Wednesday evening.  The decisons are to be out on Thursday.  However the press release (attached) has some details I did not hear at the meeting. Alan Comnes PM --------------------------- djcustomclips@djinteractive.com on 04/25/2001 10:26:25 PM Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com Calif. power market. USA: UPDATE 1-FERC adopts plan to monitor Calif. power market. By Patrick Connole and Tom Doggett 04/26/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001. WASHINGTON, April 25 (Reuters) - A split U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved on Wednesday a plan to stabilize California's volatile power market and stem market abuses. Under the plan, set to take effect in late May and last for one year, price relief measures will be imposed on California's wholesale power sales during severe energy shortages. The three-member commission split sharply on the plan, voting 2-1 for an order that the majority believe will prevent power costs from soaring out of control in California this summer. Wholesale power prices have jumped tenfold in California in the past year, the result of growing demand from the state's 34 million residents following a decade that saw no major power plants added to its electric system. FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert, a Republican, and Democrat Linda Breathitt supported the order. Democrat William Massey dissented despite 10 hours of talks aimed at reaching a consensus. "California consumers can rest assured that the commission has been attentive to their problems, and has worked tirelessly to ensure that they receive necessary relief in a manner that does not compound current problems or undemine longer-term solutions," Hebert said. DISSENTING VOTE Massey said that by limiting price relief to declared power emergencies, FERC's actions would fall short of solving the severe problems plaguing the California market. "The evidence is pervasive that the problem exists 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Now is not the time for half-a-loaf solutions," Massey said. Under the plan, price mitigation would be triggered whenever the California Independent System Operator (ISO) declares a power emergency. The ISO, which manages most of the state's power grid, uses a three-stage alert system, with a Stage One called when power reserves drop to within seven percent of actual demand on the grid. As demand eats further into the supply cushion, Stage Two and Stage Three alerts are declared, with Stage Three indicating rolling blackouts may be required to avoid overloading the grid and triggering far more widespread outages. California has ordered rolling blackouts four days so far this year, with state energy officials predicting more are likely this summer when air conditioning pushes demand to its annual peak. FINDING A FAIR PRICE The mitigation and monitoring plan's central element will require generators to offer available power in real time using a "proxy" price established a day ahead of actual delivery, FERC said. The proxy price reflects the "marginal cost of the highest-cost generator" asked to supply power to the grid. This price will vary daily according to demand, the price of fuel used by generators - such as natural gas - and the cost of complying with environmental standards. However, generators could charge more than the proxy price if they can justify the higher cost when FERC reviews their sales records, which they are required to submit at the end of each month. If those costs cannot be justified, FERC can order the generator to refund the buyer. FERC said all generators in California, even those not subject to the commission's price regulations, are required to sell into the ISO's real time price market as a condition of their use of the ISO's interstate transmission lines. Hydro-electric facilities were exempted from the plan because of their generation limitations, which fluctuate according to reservoir levels and the competing needs of others for those same water resources. REGIONAL SOLUTION The commission emphasized that the only real solution to the power supply problems affecting the western markets was to forge a regional response. regional transmission organization (RTO) by June 1, or forfeit the so-called crutch of FERC's price-relief plan. Among the many measures contained in the order, FERC told California utilities to coordinate any temporary shutdowns of generating plants with the ISO to ensure the state has adequate electric supplies at all times. The order also formally opened an investigation by commission staff into possible abusive wholesale practices behind power sales throughout the Western region. FERC said the plan would expire in 2002 as the California power crisis eases. The state's rush to build new power plants is expected to put an additional 4,000 to 6,000 megawatts on the grid by next summer, enough to supply up to six million homes. Folder Name: FERC in the News Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 96 ______________________________________________________________________ contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative.) ______________________________________________________________________ Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved PM --------------------------- djcustomclips@djinteractive.com on 04/25/2001 10:42:39 PM Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com AP NewsBriefs: Wednesday, April 25, 2001 04/26/2001 AP Online Copyright 2001 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. provoked quick reactions of concern Thursday in Asia, where a war between China and Taiwan could devastate the region. Bush told The Associated Press on Wednesday that U.S. military force is "certainly an option" if China strikes Taiwan. He later said that America has an obligation to defend Taiwan if China attacks. China had no immediate comment about Bush's comments, and Taiwan's Foreign Ministry was also silent. have found they can rewire the penis so men achieve erections and have sex after operations to remove their cancerous prostate glands. Doctors say the nerve grafts are not as good as the original nerves, but they do allow some men to regain sexual function when they otherwise would be undoubtedly left impotent. "It seems to have promise, certainly over doing nothing," said Dr. Joseph J. Disa, a plastic surgeon who performs the surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. Wednesday calling on their countries to import and produce their own generic AIDS drugs and to boost spending dramatically on AIDS programs to fight the pandemic. African heads of state are expected to sign the document Thursday at the start of a two-day pan-African summit on AIDS, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases. Governments will then be asked to ratify the agreement in their respective legislative chambers. first leg of flight home from the South Pole, carrying an ailing American doctor across Antarctica before landing at a base near the coast. The propeller plane carrying Dr. Ronald Shemenski, who is suffering from a gall bladder ailment, flew from the U.S. base at the pole to Rothera research station in just over eight hours. "They've landed safely," said Valerie Carroll of U.S.-based Raytheon Polar Services, which organized the airlift. price controls on California's wholesale electricity markets, but the order fell short of the sweeping price caps California officials have wanted. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission voted 2-1 to order that wholesale prices be capped in California when electricity reserves fall below 7.5 percent, triggering an emergency alert by power grid managers. fund-raiser in chief tonight, headlining an Arkansas dinner that netted at least $700,000 for a key political ally, Sen. Tim Hutchinson. "I'm here for one simple reason: This man needs to be returned back to the United States Senate come election 2002," Bush told hundreds of donors. Bush spoke largely about his own tax-reduction proposals, which he cast as a matter of fairness. from steering the international space station's new giant robot arm with a 1 1/2 -ton load Wednesday and resulted in a cascade of other woes. Communication between the space station and Mission Control was disrupted, and the orbiting outpost was left to fly on autopilot. In addition, an orbit-raising maneuver by the docked space shuttle Endeavour was put on hold. Wednesday that so many flights have been scheduled at certain airports that there is no way all of those planes can take off or land on time. The problem is so acute at eight airports that at least three of every 100 takeoffs or landings are delayed by more than 15 minutes. At LaGuardia, 16 percent of all takeoffs and landings were delayed last year, more than any other airport, FAA statistics show. Newark was second, at 8 percent, followed by O'Hare with 6 percent. Nikkei rose 141.43 points to 13,968.93 points. Ray Allen scored a personal playoff-best 27 points as the Bucks beat Orlando 103-96 Wednesday night and took a 2-0 lead in their best-of-five series. Tracy McGrady scored 35 points, but just five in the fourth quarter as the Magic, trying to be more physical than finesse, lost for the 11th straight time to Milwaukee. Folder Name: FERC Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 80 ______________________________________________________________________ contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative.) ______________________________________________________________________ Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved PM --------------------------- djcustomclips@djinteractive.com on 04/25/2001 10:54:19 PM Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com Wednesday approved    the ... USA: The U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on Wednesday approved the formation of RTO West... 04/25/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001. 24OEC/???WASHINGTON, April 25 (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on Wednesday approved the formation of RTO West, an eight-state system combining the transmission assets of nine utilities in the Pacific Northwest. U.S. regulators and Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham believe RTO West is a step forward in addressing reliability issues in the region. The federally owned Bonneville Power Administration is one of the utilities in the RTO design. An RTO is an organization that manages a bulk electricity transmission system. RTOs are expected to play a greater role in maintaining the nation's power grid as markets deregulate. As part of the approval for RTO West, the commission also accepted a proposal from some of the utilities to form a transmission company (TRANSCO) to operate within the broader RTO West. The FERC asked the RTO to make a submission to it by December 1 of this year on its plans for including Canadian transmission and widening the scope of its operations in a broader regional system. RTO West first submitted its plans to the FERC last October. It includes nine electric utilities serving eight western states with some 50,000 miles of transmission lines. The nine are Avista , BPA, Idaho Power , Montana Power , Nevada Power , PacifiCorp , Portland General Electric , Puget Sound Energy and Sierra Pacific PM --------------------------- djcustomclips@djinteractive.com on 04/25/2001 11:07:48 PM Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com FERC Orders Limited California Price Controls By Rebecca Smith 04/26/2001 The Wall Street Journal A4 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) than to the urgings of Gov. Gray Davis and other California politicians, a divided Federal Energy Regulatory Commission yesterday ordered limited price controls for the state's flawed electricity market. The new controls aren't likely to restrain runaway wholesale power prices this summer. three commissioners locked horns over how far the agency should go to restrain wholesale prices that have pushed one of California's big utilities into bankruptcy and which now threatens the state's fiscal health. suggested it act only at those times when electricity supplies are in shortest supply. In its order, the commission decided to intervene whenever state electricity reserves drop below authorized levels -- so-called Stage I, II and III emergencies. grid-operating California Independent System Operator, that generators can substantially raise market prices even when supplies aren't technically short. The ISO had recommended imposing price caps when individual generating plants tried to charge far more than fair production costs. sharply worded attack on the commission which he said hadn't done its duty to protect energy users by restraining generators that overcharge. As a consequence, he said, the "economic carnage" is spreading throughout the West. acting only when electricity reserves fall below 7%, "since this agency is obligated to ensure just and reasonable prices in all hours." justify high prices during periods of electricity scarcity. They will be allowed to collect the price they bid so long as it doesn't exceed the price charged by the oldest, least-efficient plant operating at the time. Such "proxy price" methodology enabled plant owners to collect as much as $470 per megawatt hour in February or roughly 12 times the prevailing price a year earlier. Mississippi Republican, who said he didn't intend the commission to fall into a trap of limiting market forces to the extent that "we hinder efforts" to build new power plants and transmission lines that are badly needed to correct California's supply-and-demand imbalance. eventually sided with Mr. Hebert. FERC staffers said she expressed doubts about whether the commission was doing as much as it should. In the meeting she acknowledged the "complexity" and "difficulty" of the task but said she remained "steadfast in my belief that market solutions . . . are preferable" to regulatory controls. the price-cap scheme will be revoked June 1 unless the California grid operator has filed a plan to become part of a region-wide grid-operating organization. California's ISO had such a plan ready to file but it got yanked when a new board, named by the state's governor, took control recently. In recent months, Mr. Davis has urged increased isolationism, even suggesting the state no longer export power.It isn't clear whether FERC intends to permit California to continue to operate as a stand-alone grid-running organization. More likely, it will be expected to show it intends to become part of a multistate organization to operate transmission lines in a nondiscriminatory manner. The commission gave tentative approval yesterday to formation of a regional grid operator that would encompass eight other Western states and would include the transmission system of the federal Bonneville Power Administration, the biggest power marketer and transmission owner in the Northwest. Geographically, it would be the biggest regional grid organization in the United States. Folder Name: FERC in the News Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 91 ______________________________________________________________________ contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative.) ______________________________________________________________________ Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
If you have travel plans between now and June 14, 2001 (or June 30 to select destinations), then we have a great sale for the U.S., Alaska, Canada, Grand Cayman, Cancun, Costa Rica, Central America, Mexico and Europe. We also have special fares from New York City, Boston, Newark and Chicago to Tokyo through June 30, 2001, for as little as $498 roundtrip, kids $401. Read the stories below for our special sale offers for summer 2001. EUROPE ON SALE FROM $255 RT THROUGH JUNE 30, '01 Travel to Europe with a wide selection of cities from Paris to Prague is on sale. Airfares to Amsterdam, Brussels and Zurich are as low as $255 roundtrip through June 30, 2001. Airfares to Frankfurt, Munich or Stuttgart start at $283 roundtrip and Paris starts at $299 roundtrip. All travel for our Europe specials must be completed by June 30, 2001. Visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=58 EARN UP TO QUADRUPLE AIRMILES TO EUROPE THROUGH JULY 15, '01 If you're traveling to Europe this spring with more than one traveler, then don't miss the opportunity to earn up to quadruple airmiles. Not only can you save big bucks, but you could end up with enough miles for a free ticket. You must depart by June 15 and return by July 15, 2001. Kids (ages two-11) can save an additional 20 percent off the already low adult fares. For example, the roundtrip miles between Los Angeles and Amsterdam are over 11,000. A family of three can save big bucks and also earn enough miles for a free U.S. domestic ticket. A family of four would have enough miles for a ticket back to Europe. Visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18167 COAST-TO-COAST BETWEEN 58 U.S. CITIES $174 RT THROUGH SEPT. 10, '01 This summer, if you want to fly from Seattle to Fort Lauderdale or San Diego to Providence, you can find airfares from Bestfares.com for as little as $174 roundtrip. Travel is valid through September 10, 2001. Portland (OR) to 34 U.S. cities is $174 roundtrip or Los Angeles coast-to-coast is $174-198 roundtrip. If you want to travel this summer a la cheap, visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=15796 HOTEL RESERVATIONS NETWORK  Need a hotel room? Look no further because HotelDiscounts.com is the place to find great deals at great prices. HotelDiscounts.com provides up to 70 percent off on hotels in major cities worldwide with guaranteed lowest rates. Book online at http://www.hoteldiscounts.com/cgi-bin/pickcity?SID=NW2&LKF=NW2 OVER 200 U.S. CITIES ON SALE FOR $162 OR LESS THROUGH SEPT. 10, '01 Where in the U.S. can you fly for under $162 roundtrip? Here at Bestfares.com, we have over 200 U.S. city pairs on sale to save you big bucks. How cheap? How about San Diego to Austin or San Antonio for $141 roundtrip with no fuel surcharge? Kansas City to Las Vegas, $125 roundtrip; Nashville or Columbus (OH) to Las Vegas, $161; Los Angeles to Oklahoma City, Columbus (OH), Little Rock, Omaha or Kansas City, $143 or less; New Orleans to Tulsa, San Antonio, Indianapolis, Raleigh or Providence, $143 roundtrip. Now, for the really cheap fares: New Orleans to Kansas City or Hartford, $99 roundtrip or Columbus (OH) to New York City, Boston, Philadelphia or Washington (DC), $89. Remember, these are only a few of the cities that are on sale this week. Check out http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=16526 MEXICO, CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA ON SALE THROUGH JUNE 14, '01 If you are heading South of the Border, take note of our new super low fares to Mexico City, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Leon and more. Fares start at $219 roundtrip to Mexico City and Guadalajara; $237 to Monterrey; $328 roundtrip to Cancun (through September 30, 2001) and more. You can go South of the Border and save pesos if you check http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=646 CANADA ON SALE  FROM $69 RT THROUGH JUNE 14, '01 Vancouver, one of the coolest cities in Canada, is on sale at super sale prices. We also have been able to waive the $40 fuel surcharge for this special sale. Travel is valid through June 14, 2001. Here are some sample fares: From Portland (OR), $69 roundtrip; from Los Angeles and San Francisco, $169 roundtrip. We have Toronto on sale from $87 roundtrip. Montreal, Halifax, Ottawa and Calgary are also available at super sale prices, visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=55 CHICAGO, NEWARK, NYC & BOSTON TO TOKYO FOR $489 RT We have a special fare to Tokyo from four U.S. cities. You can travel from Newark, New York City, Boston or Chicago to Tokyo through June 30, 2001 for only $489 roundtrip, kids (ages two-11) for $408. There is a three-day advance purchase requirement and you must depart by June 23. The best days to travel on are Monday through Thursday. Visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/desk.asp?desk=news GRAND CAYMAN ON SALE THROUGH JUNE 14, '01 Want to go to the West Indies? Then this might be your deal. We have Grand Cayman on sale from $296 roundtrip through June 14, 2001. From Atlanta or Houston, the fare is only $296 roundtrip; from New York City, $318; from Dallas or Chicago, $398 roundtrip, and there are many more. The best days to travel are Monday through Thursday. Don't miss your chance, visit http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18414 CATCH THE SPIRIT OF SPIRIT AIRLINES! Spirit Airlines has some great deals available, but hurry you must purchase by May 7.  Take advantage of these offers at http://www.spiritair.com or by calling 1-800-772-7117. Fly nonstop between Chicago O'Hare and Los Angeles--Fares begin at $99* each way. Fares are valid Tuesday and Wednesday for travel May 9-September 10. Fly direct, one-stop, between Fort Lauderdale and Los Angeles. Fares starting at $99* each way. Fares are valid Tuesday and Wednesday for travel May 9-September 10. Take advantage of the only nonstop service between Oakland International Airport, serving the Oakland and San Francisco Bay Area, and Detroit. Fares begin at $99* each way. Fares are valid for travel May 16-September 10. Fly direct, one-stop, between Fort Lauderdale and Oakland. Fares begin at $119* each way and are valid for travel May 16-September 10. Catch the Spirit of Spirit Airlines. No Saturday night stay requirements. Everyday low fares to your favorite vacation destinations. *Fares are each way based on roundtrip purchase and must be purchased by May 7. Fare does not include a $2.75 segment fee. A segment is defined as a takeoff and a landing. Passenger facility fees up to $18, depending on itinerary, are not included. BESTFARES.COM IS NOMINATED FOR THE 2001 WEBBY AWARD We are most honored by our nomination by The International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences for a 2001 Webby Award for our new, improved site. Hailed as the "Oscars of the Internet," The Webby Awards are an eminent honor for Internet sites. The 5th annual Webby Awards will take place on Wednesday, July 18 in San Francisco. Two honors are presented in each category: The Webby Award and The People's Voice Award. Judges from The International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences select the nominees for both awards, and the winners of The Webby Awards. The online community determines the winners of The People's Voice Awards. You can place your vote by visiting http://www.webbyawards.com and clicking on the People's Voice Awards. Register with your email address and you will receive a password in your email almost immediately. People's Voice Awards voting runs through July 4. THIS WEEKEND'S ONLINE TRAVEL DEALS AT A GLANCE We love to save you money but we like to save you time, too. Some travelers spend hours looking for the best prices for last-minute weekend travel getaways. Bestfares.com travelers can get the job done in minutes. Every Wednesday, we compile current Internet specials into easy-to-use online summaries. We cover domestic and international airfares, hotels and car rental discounts, giving you comprehensive coverage for one-stop shopping. Spot the deal that suits you best and get a jump on other travelers who will be vying for the same seats, rooms and cars. For This Week's Major Airline Internet Discounts, http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18402 For This Week's Car Rental Internet Discounts, http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18401 For This Week's U.S. & Canada Hotel Internet Discounts, http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18400 For This Week's International Hotel Internet Discounts, http://www.bestfares.com/travel/desks/story.asp?id=18399 You are currently subscribed to hotdeals as pkeavey@ect.enron.com leave-hotdeals-1606467L@hotdeals.bestfares.com 
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Enron Global Markets=20 In a combined effort, Global Risk Markets (GRM), a unit of Enron Global=20 Markets, and Southeast Power Origination, part of Enron Americas, closed=20 Enron's first Contingent Call Outage Option in the 1st quarter 2001. The=20 product was created to provide customers with a cost effective risk=20 management tool to hedge against high commodity prices after experiencing a= n=20 unplanned power generation outage. The transaction was entered into with UtiliCorp United to manage its=20 generation risk for summer 2001. This risk is associated with a forced outa= ge=20 of their largest coal unit during peak summer demand. The transaction, whic= h=20 was developed jointly with the Southeast Power group, highlights the benefi= ts=20 of cooperation between business units within Enron. GRM is working with a= =20 number of business units to integrate this risk management product into oth= er=20 Enron businesses to enhance value to our customers.  For additional=20 information on the product, please call David Hoog in the New York office a= t=20 212 702 3920. IN THE NEWS WORTH Magazine Names the Top 50 CEO's NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 23, 2001--Fifty of the country's chief=20 executive officers have been chosen by WORTH magazine as the top business= =20 leaders in the nation, it was announced by W. Randall Jones, CEO, Worth=20 Media.=20 The third annual listing of CEO's by WORTH is determined based on each=20 leaders "foresight, judgment, and competitive juice to make their investors= =20 happy." Rounding out the top 5 are the following best leaders: 1. Steve Ballmer, CEO, Microsoft   2. Jeffrey Skilling, CEO, Enron   3.=20 Philip Purcell, CEO, Morgan Stanley   4. James Morgan, CEO, Applied=20 Materials  =20 5. Margaret Whitman, CEO, eBay=20 "We selected this year's list based on our belief in the CEO's ability to= =20 deliver long-term shareholder value," said Jones. "The real test is not to= =20 recognize past achievements but to be able to look back in five or ten year= s=20 from now. As a matter of fact, some CEO's we've chosen haven't made money f= or=20 share holders in the past few years, but we believe they are poised to do s= o=20 now."  WORTH's methodology for selecting the 50 best CEO's strives to balan= ce=20 their possession of a vision with a demonstrated ability to execute under= =20 stress and when confronted by urgent challenges.=20 WELCOME New Hires EGM  - Chrishelle Berell, Paul Murray, Yong Yi EIM   - Jeff Nutt ENA  - Keegan Farrell Transfers (to or within) ENA - Joe Parks, Mike Purcell EGM =01) Samuel Enochian NUGGETS & NOTES Travel Tip of the Week:  Book non-refundable tickets. Airlines typically=20 allow unused non-refundable tickets to be applied towards subsequent travel= .=20 Even if you need to make a change at a rate of $100, in many cases the chan= ge=20 fee plus the ticket price is still less than a refundable ticket. LEGAL STUFF The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietar= y=20 to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only= =20 and should not be disclosed. 
=01&Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path=20 and leave a trail.=018  -  Ralph Waldo Emerson =20 Watch the Enron Building lobby on Thursday, April 26th, from 11:30am to=20 1:00pm for information=20 on Enron=01,s unique ways to express itself through our employee communicat= e=20 tools and our workplace environment. Featuring: eThink, Planet Enron, Expert Finder and GIS Special Afternoon Workshop - 3:30pm to 5:30pm =01&The Painting Experience=018 with Mr. Stewart Cubley=20 You do not have to be an artist... no training or knowledge of art is=20 required....  simply participate in a unique,=20 supportive environment where you can explore the =01&process=018 of creativ= ity and=20 risk-taking completely free from the=20 barriers of comparison, evaluation, judgment, success, failure or awards. = =20 The only prerequisite is a spirit of inquiry. =20 There is no fee for this class.  Please RSVP to Jessica at x31918 - space i= s=20 limited. Word of the Day verve (v-rv) n. Energy and enthusiasm in the expression of ideas,=20 especially in artistic performance or composition. 
SIVY ON STOCKS from money.com April 25, 2001 Construction project The need for aggressive oil exploration and new electrical power plants should be a bonanza for firms like Fluor that can manage such projects on a global basis. By Michael Sivy It may seem hard to believe today, but back in the 1970s, one of the hottest stock groups was Construction and Engineering. These C&E firms managed mega-projects, including oil refineries and pipelines in the Middle East, and were minting money because of the oil shortage. But during the past decade, the energy crisis seemed like only a distant memory. And even the best C&E firms, such as Fluor [FLR], ran into trouble. For most of the late 1990s, Fluor's earnings were stagnant. The company over-expanded in 1994 and subsequently began missing its growth targets. As the problems got worse, the stock fell from a high of $75 a share in 1997 to less than $23 early last year. in half, separating its C&E businesses from its coal-mining operations, which now trade as Massey Energy [MEE]. Since the split late last year, Flour has been doing well and appears poised for even better times to come. But this improved performance has gone unnoticed by many investors because the division of the company and the shift of its reporting schedule from a fiscal to a calendar year have made earnings comparisons difficult. In fact, some research sources have stopped following the stock altogether. That's a pity because the outlook for energy is better than it's been in a decade. The scare of higher crude prices should greatly improve prospects for oil projects, while electricity shortages in California -- and possibly in other states as well -- will encourage the construction of power plants. In fact, a joint venture between Duke Energy and Fluor is one of the world's leading contractors and has the largest U.S. market share for the construction of natural-gas-fired power plants. Two weeks ago, the partnership was awarded a contract to help build two power plants in Massachusetts. Fluor's share price has climbed more than 50 percent since its restructuring, and several major brokerages have upgraded the stock to a "buy" on the strength of Fluor's improved business outlook. At a current $51 a share, Fluor trades at 26 times this year's estimated earnings. Profits are projected to gain 18 percent next year and then continue to grow at a core annual rate of about 15 percent. And those estimates could easily prove to be too low if the climate for energy turns out to be more positive in the next five years than it has been in the past five. And to me, that looks like a pretty good bet. ### Post your comments on Michael's column at: http://www.money.com/depts/investing/sivy/index.html http://www.money.com/email/ MARKETPLACE CONTACT THE BIGGEST COMPANIES IN THE WORLD! Over 5,000 contact names in the OFFICIAL FORTUNE Databases. DOWNLOAD THEM NOW! http://www.fortune.com/datastore/?mn1 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Special Internet Offer!!! Sign up for a RISK-FREE issue of MONEY MAGAZINE at http://www.money.com/subscribe2 Or if you prefer call our toll-free number 1-800-544-4594 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * We may, from time to time, contact you with offers for Time Inc. products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If you would prefer us not to contact you in this manner, AND YOU DID NOT INDICATE THIS PREFERENCE AT THE TIME YOU SIGNED UP for the Sivy on Stocks online newsletter or any other Time Inc. online newsletters, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at <no_solicit@money.com>. Additionally, from time to time we may provide your e-mail address to carefully chosen companies whose offers we think may be of interest to you.  If you would prefer us not use your e-mail address in this manner, AND YOU DID NOT INDICATE THIS PREFERENCE AT THE TIME YOU SIGNED UP for the Sivy on Stocks online newsletter or any other Time Inc. online newsletter, please let us know by e-mailing us at <no_transfer@money.com>. 
Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling were interviewed on CNNfn to discuss the succession of Jeff to CEO of Enron.  We have put the interview on IPTV for your viewing pleasure.  Simply point your web browser to http://iptv.enron.com, click the link for special events, and then choose "Enron's Succession Plan."  The interview will be available every 15 minutes through Friday, Dec. 15. 
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s) contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts to you as attachments. Nat Gas May/Jun Spread     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/NGK-NGM NatGas SPREAD81.pdf Nat Gas Jun/Jul Spread     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/NGM-NGN NatGas SPREAD81.pdf Nat Gas Jul/Aug Spread     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/NGN-NGQ NatGas SPREAD81.pdf Carr Futures 150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500 Chicago, IL 60606  USA Tel:  312-368-6149 Fax:  312-368-2281 soblander@carrfut.com http://www.carrfut.com 
********* Welcome to Bestfares.com's HOT DEALS BY EMAIL ************ BESTFARES.COM is your source for HOT TRAVEL DEALS. Visit our home page at http://www.bestfares.com. Also, remember to visit our Newsdesk daily at http://www.bestfares.com/travel_center/desks/newsdesk.asp where we post hundreds of deals every day that could save you up to 70% every time you travel! Subscribe and unsubscribe information can be found at the bottom of this newsletter. As promised, here are two deals you can gobble up for savings--$328 roundtrip to your choice of 15 Caribbean cities for travel through June 15 AND coast-to-coast U.S. travel for $198 roundtrip, or less. Most of us are busy preparing for the Thanksgiving holiday and clearing the decks for a  four-day weekend. Bestfares.com will be posting new deals throughout the holiday, but we=01,ll make this newsletter short and sweet, whet your appetite with the best of our specials and leave you with room for delicious desserts of deals. Our hot, new Caribbean sale can save you up to 60 percent in the most popular travel season, and you still have time for last-minute savings on Turkey fares. Without further ado, we=01,ll serve up our buffet of bargains. 50 U.S. CITIES TO 15 CARIBBEAN CITIES FROM $328 RT Bestfares.com offers members a chance to perk up in a Caribbean paradise with peak season fares beginning at only $328 roundtrip for travel through June 15, 2001. We are having one knockout of a sale to 15 Caribbean cities with airfares discounted by up to $500 for the high winter season, when many travelers want to warm themselves under the tropical sun. We=01,ll war= m your body and protect your wallet with solar savings. From Eastern and Southeastern cities, roundtrips are only $328; from the Midwest, $428; and from the West Coast, just $458. These specials are valid to Caribbean treasures including St. Maarten, San Juan, St. Croix, St. Thomas, Aruba, Montego Bay, Grand Cayman, Cancun, Bermuda and Santo Domingo. We=01,ll also save you money on travel to Nassau and other islands in the Bahamas. For fun and sun this winter, spring to the Caribbean at http://www.bestfares.com/view.asp?id=3D10088489 SUPER $198 RT SALE COAST-TO-COAST BETWEEN 58 U.S. CITIES This past week, we watched business travelers get hit with their sixth fare hike of the year. Some routes of over 1,500 miles have increased by as much as $370 roundtrip since January 1, 2000. Fight back with our leisure fares from select U.S. cities that let you fly coast to coast for as little as $198 roundtrip through March 30, 2001 (travel to Florida markets is valid through March 14). For example, fly from Seattle to Orlando or San Diego to Baltimore. You have many options for travel throughout the nation. Tickets must be purchased by December 1, 2000. Get back some of the money the airlines have gotten for your business trips by using our coast-to-coast $198 Super Sale fares. Access more information at http://www.bestfares.com/view.asp?id=3D10067898 THERE=01,S STILL TIME TO FLY ON TURKEY DAY FROM $59 RT The trick to getting a great fare for those last minute home for the holiday flights is to travel on Thursday and return on Friday. These specials are valid for travel throughout both days, but availability is best for travel later in the day on Thanksgiving, and return travel early in the day on Friday. You can enjoy a late meal with your family, pack up some leftovers and be home in time to rest up over the weekend. These deals start at $59 (New York City to Boston, for example). You can travel coast to coast from $151. Fares are based on one-way mileage: 250 miles for $64 to $79 roundtrip; 251-500 miles for $79 to $99 roundtrip; 501-750 miles for $103 to $129 roundtrip; 751-1,000 miles for $119 to $149 roundtrip; 1,001-1,250 miles for $139 to $169 roundtrip; and over 1,250 miles for $151 to $189 roundtrip. Get the big end of the holiday dinner wishbone by checking http://www.bestfares.com/view.asp?id=3D10098966 EUROFARE IS BACK! HOPSCOTCH EUROPE FOR ONLY $89 PER FLIGHT If you want to see city after city in Europe on a cheap buck there is only one word to say and it=01,s =01&Eurofare.=018  Imagine flying from Paris to= for $89 or how about London to Amsterdam for that same incredibly low rate?  All you have to do is purchase a round-trip transatlantic ticket on Lufthansa or United Airlines from the USA to Europe and then you can travel to more than 100 cities in 35 countries within Europe for only $89 per flight.  That=01,s right, Lufthansa Airlines=01, Eurofare is back and i= t=01,s taking you on a ride to your favorite European cities for only $89 per flight! One-way fares from Frankfurt to Rome are as high as $871 and Munich to Paris currently sells for $345 on a major European Airline. At $89 per flight for the same cities Eurofare is a great bargain! To qualify book a roundtrip airline ticket on Lufthansa or United Airlines now through March 30, 2001 and you can add up to six additional flights within Europe for only $89 per flight.  Your originating transatlantic flight must depart by March 31, 2001 and your roundtrip travel must be completed by April 7, 2001. Some restrictions and blackouts apply so you may want to read our full story by visiting: http://www.bestfares.com/view.asp?id=3D10105980 or visit Lufthansa=01,s web site at: http://www.lufthansa-usa.com/bf_efe_oc00.html EUROPEAN CAR RENTALS STARTING AS LOW AS $14 A DAY Our car rental partner, Auto Europe, is having a great year-end sale for rentals booked online before December 15, 2000. During this sale you can expect to shave up to 20% off their already low standard rates for car rentals through end of next year (12/30/01)!  And, Auto Europe is sweetening the deal by also throwing in a free one-week cellular phone rental during this sale. For example, below are some of Auto Europe=01,s lo= w standard rates and if you book online during this sale you can save up to 20% more: 3-day rental in Paris - $60 (That=01,s only $20 a day!) 3-day rental in Munich, Frankfurt and Berlin - $79 ($26 a day!) 7-day rental in Paris - $100 (That=01,s only $14 a day!) 7-day rental in Munich, Frankfurt and Berlin - $132 ($19 a day!) With savings like these on car rentals and airfares, there=01,s no reason w= hy you shouldn=01,t book a wonderful European vacation today. For complete details click to our Newsdesk story at: http://www.bestfares.com/view.asp?id=3D10105981. Or, book your European rental car by visiting Auto Europe=01,s web site at http://www.autoeurope.com/welcome.cfm?c=3D15. Bestfares.com wishes a Happy Thanksgiving to all our members and readers. We=01,re thankful for you 365 days a year. Look for our next newsletter on Tuesday, November 28. Check our News Desk for new deals throughout the holiday period (good thing gravy stains don=01,t show up on computer screen= s, because we may be eating as we post). Members, please note that some of our Travel Clubs will be closed Thursday and Friday in observance of Thanksgiving. HOT DEALS BY EMAIL announcements feature special money-saving offers available on Bestfares.com. This free, weekly newsletter is your best bet to receive great, late-breaking travel deals. Please feel free to send this newsletter to your colleagues, friends and family and encourage them to sign up for a free subscription to HOT DEALS BY EMAIL. Thanks to all of you who have already recommended this newsletter to others. If this email has been forwarded to you, you can get your own free subscription at: http://www.bestfares.com/e-deals/e-deal.asp. About your privacy: Our email list is used only for distribution of our own materials. Our subscriber list will not be sold, rented, or otherwise made available to third parties SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION http://www.bestfares.com/e-deals/e-deal.asp. http://www.bestfares.com/e-deals/unsubscribe.asp http://www.bestfares.com/e-deals/unsubscribe.asp and unsubscribe from Hot Deals. Then go to: http://www.bestfares.com/e-deals/e-deal.asp and register your new email address. Although every effort is made to ensure accurate information, Bestfares.com is not responsible for any errors in this newsletter. 
OUTLOOK EMAIL NOTIFICATION Your Date of Migration is: May 23rd YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SEND E-MAIL unless you take the following action: Please go through your Notes email and clean out as many old/un-needed emai= l=20 items as possible BEFORE your date of migration.? After you are migrated to= =20 Outlook you will only be allocated 100MB of total Mailbox space.?? If more= =20 than this amount of data is migrated to Outlook YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEN= D=20 E-MAIL until it is below the 100MB limit.? Cleaning up your Notes email now= =20 will prevent this from happening to YOU. Enron=01,s messaging platform is migrating from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Ou= tlook=20 2000 worldwide.  You will be accessing Outlook for all of your email=20 functions.=20 WHY IS ENRON MIGRATING TO OUTLOOK 2000? Many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from Lotus Notes to=20 Microsoft Exchange/Outlook.  The most prominent factors were: ? Significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated wit= h=20 current Enron apps (Windows 2000, Office and Internet Explorer) ? More efficient Shared PC and Roaming User features ? Improved support and integration for Palm/CE devices ? Instant Messaging capabilities WHAT IS BEING MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK 2000? ? Email Messages.  From the date of your scheduled migration, the last (30)= =20 thirty days of your Email will be converted for use in Outlook. ? All your folders in Notes you use to store email messages in. ? To Do Items ? Journal Items ? Calendar Entries dating from (1) one year in the past to (10) ten years i= n=20 the future will be converted. ? Address Books, but NOT your Distribution Lists that you created.  You wil= l=20 need to re-create these in Outlook. Thank you, Outlook 2000 Migration Team 
Current Notes User: it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. Thank you. Outlook 2000 Migration Team Full Name: Login ID: Extension: Office Location: What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both) Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada) Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)? Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: What are your normal work hours?  From:      To: Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? 
Current Notes User: REASONS FOR USING OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA) 1. Once your mailbox has been migrated from Notes to Outlook, the Outlook client will be configured on your computer. After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail via Notes, and you will not be able to start using Outlook until it is configured by the Outlook Migration team the morning after your mailbox is migrated.  During this period, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) via your web browser (Internet Explorer 5.0) to read and send mail. PLEASE NOTE:  Your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and client is configured on your desktop. 2. Remote access to your mailbox. After your Outlook client is configured, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) for remote access to your mailbox. PLEASE NOTE:  At this time, the OWA client is only accessible while connecting to the Enron network (LAN).  There are future plans to make OWA available from your home or when traveling abroad. HOW TO ACCESS OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA) Launch Internet Explorer 5.0, and in the address window type: http://nahou-msowa01p/exchange/john.doe Substitute "john.doe" with your first and last name, then click ENTER.  You will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below.  Type in "corp/your user id" for the user name and your NT password to logon to OWA and click OK.  You will now be able to view your mailbox. PLEASE NOTE:  There are some subtle differences in the functionality between the Outlook and OWA clients.  You will not be able to do many of the things in OWA that you can do in Outlook.  Below is a brief list of *some* of the functions NOT available via OWA: Features NOT available using OWA: -  Tasks -  Journal -  Spell Checker -  Offline Use -  Printing Templates -  Reminders -  Timed Delivery -  Expiration -  Outlook Rules -  Voting, Message Flags and Message Recall -  Sharing Contacts with others -  Task Delegation -  Direct Resource Booking -  Personal Distribution Lists QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS? If you have questions or concerns using the OWA client, please contact the Outlook 2000 question and answer Mailbox at: Otherwise, you may contact the Resolution Center at: Thank you, Outlook 2000 Migration Team 
KING, JEFF N, ? The PEP system closes on Friday, May 25, 2001 ? Our records indicate that you have been requested to provide feedback on one or more Enron employees.  The deadline for completing feedback is Friday, May 25th. ? Below is a list of feedback requests with a status of "OPEN".  Please complete or decline these requests as soon as possible by logging into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and selecting Complete Feedback from the Main Menu. ? If you have any questions, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  713-853-4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44 207 783 4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com ? Thank you for your participation in this important process. ? Employee Name: LEWIS, JON THOMPSON, KERRI VALDERRAMA, LARRY 
Jeff, The EPMI-LT-SERC book has been set up as an internal counterparty for desk-to-desk trading on EnronOnline. The following User ID and Password will give you access to live prices on the web-site http://www.enrononline.com. User ID: ADM81657 Password: WELCOME! (note these are case sensitive) Please keep your User ID and Password secure as this allows you to transact on EnronOnline. Contact the helpdesk at x34357 if you have any questions or problems gaining access with this ID. Thanks, Stephanie x33465 
hey there.  just wanted to see how the bike ride went.  also wanted to let you know that pat got a job. thank goodness.  anyway, write back or call when you get a chance. 
FYI. 04:18 PM --------------------------- "Randall Rich" <rrich@bracepatt.com> on 12/13/2000 04:13:55 PM <jsteffe@enron.com>, <llawner@enron.com>, <rebecca.w.cantrell@enron.com>, <Richard.b.sanders@enron.com>, <snovose@enron.com> The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at FERC is attached. 
hope everyone is okay with this -- i talked to the people that were here and we all agreed. 01:48 PM --------------------------- 04/17/2001 01:25 PM not to be inconsiderate, but we did get him a gift last year and it seemed like nobody was really that interested in doing it.  we think it's dangerous to start buying birthday presents for some people and not others and the group thinks it's best if we dont start the trend.  we definitely want to do something for boss's day every year, but we think it's best to keep the birthdays simple. 
hey sheri -- i forgot my logon and password for dynegy direct -- we havent looked at it in so long but now we want to again. 
I'd like a swatch of Seaside Baby.  My mailing address is  4419 Stackstone Ln. 
????????Hey everyone... I have a new e-mail address! We finally broke down and got Road Runner High Speed Cable Internet service-- Steve has his new toys at the new job (laptop, fast Internet access, etc) so I got stuck with the slow stuff at home... Not anymore! New e-mail:? rbsandweg@houston.rr.com Take care! (Beijos para todos!) Renata 
Hey! Wow an expectant mother. Im still the consummate bachelor, but I guess eventually I will fall off the wagon :) Who knows what will happen, right?. Im excited for you. It was great to hear from you and see you at the reunion, and I apologize for not contacting you sooner. Actually I told Geoff to contact you through Rachel, but I guess that situation went south, along with my plan! Anyway, it sounds as if things are really going well for you and I am gratified to hear it. anything and then ill get a card or letter or something. I assume she is still in LA. She gave me all her addresses et cetera but I lost them when I moved. I suppose I could pull up her driver's license and get her mailing address. here for Xmas so I havent been down since October. With weekends off now though it will be easier for me to go visit.Id love to see you. Send me back an email when you can. > -----Original Message----- > From: Tori.Kuykendall@enron.com [SMTP:Tori.Kuykendall@enron.com] > Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2001 9:47 AM > To: Hawkins, Robert [APD] > Subject: hey there > > just got your email address from rachel.  congrats on your promotion.  i'm > sure it's going to be alot different for you but it sounds like a great > deal.  my hubby and i moved out to katy a few months ago.  i love it there > - my parents live about 10 minutes away.  new news from me - i'm having a > baby - due in june.  i can't even believe it myself.  the thought of me > being a mother is downright scary but i figure since i'm almost 30, i > probably need to start growing up.  i'm really excited though.  rachel is > coming to visit me in a couple of weeks.  you planning on coming in for > any > of the rodeo stuff?  you'll never guess who i got in touch with about a > month ago.  it was the weirdest thing - heather evans.  i hadn't talked to > her in about 10 years.  seems like she's doing well but i can never really > tell with her.  anyway, i'll let you go.  gotta get back to work.  looking > forward to hearing back from ya. 
Dave, We had a meeting today with Mark Frevert, Rick Buy, Greg Whalley, Ted Murphy, Bill Bradford, Mark Haedicke, Julia Murray, Tim Belden, Elliot Mainzer, Derek Davies, Rob Milnthorp, and Peter Keohane regarding Alberta PPA. Attached please find a copy of the presentation that was given at the meeting.  Call me so that we can discuss. John 713-853-7991 
John Here is the Alberta map for the location of the PPA units. s 
PeopleFinder <peoplefinder@enron.com> on 07/24/2000 07:07:29 PM Please respond to peoplefinder@enron.com This is a change ticket from the PeopleFinder. The PeopleFinder received these changes to your information from the Change Request page on 7/24/2000: (Kim Hillis submitted this change on your behalf with this comment: "I am John's assistant and would like to have his profile information updated. Please remove all other listings for him." "kimberly.hillis@enron.com" Trading" If you want these changes made to your information, simply reply to this message.  (Don't change the subject line.) If you don't want these changes, throw this message away. We're sorry, but cc:Mail is not supported at this time.  If you are reading this in cc:Mail, your reply will not reach the PeopleFinder. Please set your Confirmation email preference on the Change page to Internet until you have Lotus Notes installed on your PC. 
Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him. I need this for tomorrow. 
Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts. 
Ken, Thank you for your leadership and inspiration. =20 Best wishes to you and yours. Regards, Michael P. Horning Director Enron Media Services Global Media Risk Management Phone: 713-853-9181 Fax:      713-646-8436 Cell:      713-303-0742 M=20 =09Ken Lay@ENRON =09Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON =0912/13/00 06:01 AM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: All Enron Worldwide =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: Succession Plan It is my great pleasure to announce that the Board has accepted my=20 recommendation to appoint Jeff Skilling as chief executive officer, effecti= ve=20 at the time of their next board meeting on February 12, 2001.  Jeff will al= so=20 retain his duties as president and chief operating officer.  I will continu= e=20 as chairman of the Board and will remain at Enron, working with Jeff on the= =20 strategic direction of the company and our day-to-day global operations. Jeff will assume the role at a time when the company is hitting on all=20 cylinders and is positioned for phenomenal growth.  He is clearly ready for= =20 the job, and after 15 years as CEO of this great company, I=01,m ready for = a=20 somewhat different role. Our succession plan has been clear for some time.  This has afforded Jeff a= nd=20 me the freedom to combine our strengths toward building a company that=20 continues to exceed everyone=01,s expectations, including our own.  We look= =20 forward to furthering that relationship as Jeff expands his role. There are no plans for any other changes in our management team nor broad= =20 shifts in strategy and direction. Please join me in congratulating Jeff.  I look forward to a great 2001. 
Thanks,  As you know I have wanted to do this for a long time.  Now it is time to have fun.   Nancy > -----Original Message----- > From: Kenneth.Lay@enron.com [SMTP:Kenneth.Lay@enron.com] > Sent: Friday, September 08, 2000 8:11 PM > To: George, Nancy W. > Subject: Re: References for Board Appointment > > > Hi Nancy - > > Ken asked me to tell you that you can absolutely use him as a reference. > > Hope you are doing just great. > > Rosalee > > > > > "George, Nancy W." <GeorgeN@EPEnergy.com> on 08/30/2000 02:43:38 PM > > To:   "'kenneth.lay@enron.com'" <kenneth.lay@enron.com> > cc: > Subject:  References for Board Appointment > > > Ken, > > Bruce Peterson at Korn/Ferry International has offered to suggest my name > to > various corporations for board appointments.  I plan to leave El Paso at > the > end of the year.  Please find attached a draft of my background > information. > May I use you as a reference?  Let me know if this meets with your > approval. > I enjoyed seeing you and your family at the convention.  Thank you in > advance for your assistance. > > Nancy > >  <<NWG Background Info.doc>> > > > ****************************************************************** > This email and any files transmitted with it from El Paso > Energy Corporation are confidential and intended solely > for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are > addressed. If you have received this email in error > please notify the sender. > ****************************************************************** > > (See attached file: NWG Background Info.doc) > >  << File: NWG Background Info.doc >> 
UN WIRE An Independent News Briefing about the United Nations Friday, 06 October, 2000 - http://www.unfoundation.org NOTICE: UN Wire will not be published on Monday, 9 October, in observance of Columbus Day.  UN Wire will return on Tuesday, 10 October. UN AFFAIRS HEALTH Says WOMEN, CHILDREN AND POPULATION ENVIRONMENT ECONOMICS, TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT Pressure HUMANITARIAN AID AND FOOD SECURITY HUMAN RIGHTS, JUSTICE AND DEMOCRACY PEACEKEEPING AND SECURITY GET THE FULL SCOOP These stories and the complete issue of today's UN Wire can be found on the Web at http://www.unfoundation.org. The Web version includes hot-links to the complete text of cited articles, a fully searchable archive and easy access to recent issues. ACCESS RECENT ISSUES at http://www.unfoundation.org/unwire/archives/index.cfm UN Wire is a free service sponsored by the United Nations Foundation and its sister organization, the Better World Fund, which are dedicated to supporting United Nations efforts on behalf of the environment, population stabilization and children's health.  UN Wire is produced independently by National Journal Group (http://www.nationaljournal.com).  For the latest information and updates on UN Foundation activities, visit us on the web at http://www.unfoundation.org. Copyright 2000 National Journal. Telephone: (703) 518-8759 Fax:       (703) 519-6377 Email:     unwire@unfoundation.org Editor in Chief:  Steve Hirsch http://www.unfoundation.org/unwirelogin/unf_listadmin.cfm Questions, concerns and comments can be sent to unwire@unfoundation.org. UN news and other submissions should be directed to unwire-submit@unfoundation.org. You are currently subscribed to unfoundation-unwire as: klay@enron.com http://www.unfoundation.org/unwirelogin/unf_listadmin.cfm and enter your email address. Registration is required. leave-unfoundation-unwire-290701M@lists.unfoundation.org 
I have been asked to make a brief presentation at next Monday=01,s Executiv= e=20 Committee meeting addressing a new S.E.C. insider trading rule.  Although t= he=20 new rule may increase exposure to liability for insider trading, certain=20 provisions of the new rule may actually provide for greater flexibility in= =20 the timing of your personal trades in Enron Corp. common stock.  Attached i= s=20 a short memo addressing our current Company procedures and policies for=20 trading, the new S.E.C. rule, and some suggestions for alternatives that yo= u=20 may want to consider concerning your personal trades in Enron Corp. common= =20 stock.  If anyone wants to discuss the new rule and the trading alternative= s=20 provided by the new rule before next week=01,s meeting, please don=01,t hes= itate to=20 give me a call at 713-853-3069.  Thank you. Attachments 
WPO MIND/BODY HEALTH SEMINAR Tampa, Florida April 17 - 21, 2001 This is your last chance to sign up for the WPO Mind/Body Health Seminar for 2001! Due to the popularity of the event, we decided to increase our maximum attendance and we have just a few spaces left to fill. Don't miss out on the opportunity to discuss health issues with some of the most influential practitioners in alternative medicine and whole body wellness! Get answers to some of today's hot topics such as the latest anti-aging techniques, news on vitamins and herbal supplements and new alternative healing methods on the market. You will also have the chance to receive personalized guidance through one-on-one sessions with our resources. complete the form and fax to WPO with your credit card number for your deposit or mail it along with a check. For more information on the Mind/Body Health Seminar, contact Kristi Nowak, WPO Event Manager, at knowak@wpo.org  or by phone at (703) 684-4933. We hope to see you there! (If you have already registered for this seminar, please disregard this email.) Kristina M. Nowak Event Manager World Presidents' Organization ph. 703/684-4933 fax 703/684-4955 
Company Sleuth Daily Report =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D Company Sleuth is a registered trademark of Infonautics, Inc. (Nasdaq: INFO= )=20 or its subsidiaries. CompanySleuth has revised its Privacy Policy.  Click here =20 http://www.company.sleuth.com/priv-acqui.cfm to view the revised Privacy=20 Policy. This is your Personal Company Sleuth Report for Monday December 11, 2000. Your Stakeout Companies Here are the new items Company Sleuth found on your stakeout companies last= =20 night. mPhase Technologies, Inc. (XDSL) Raging Bull Msg.................41 http://www.company.sleuth.com/index.cfm?ticker=3DXDSL Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Raging Bull Msg.................8 Yahoo Msg.......................22 http://www.company.sleuth.com/index.cfm?ticker=3DAMTD Best Buy Company, Inc. (BBY) Yahoo Msg.......................20 Motley Fool Msg.................1 http://www.company.sleuth.com/index.cfm?ticker=3DBBY Starnet Comm. Intl., Inc. (SNMM) Raging Bull Msg.................43 CNBC Msg........................1 http://www.company.sleuth.com/index.cfm?ticker=3DSNMM Company Sleuth Offers Charge Offs? No Pays? Slow Pays? No Credit? - NO PROBLEM! You can establish or reestablish your credit with a brand new MasterCard in= =20 your name. There are NO Credit Checks and NO Credit Turndowns plus=20 GUARANTEED* Instant Online APPROVAL! http://L90Dm.com/rdr/294/companys Establish or Re-Establish your good credit with an Unsecured VISA card from= =20 First PREMIER Bank! Get a Credit Limit up to $1000 + Cash Advances + Future Credit Line increas= es=20 in as little as 6 months! http://L90Dm.com/rdr/573/Premier_Visa Click here for a FREE Motorola Pager! http://www.company.sleuth.com/motorola/motorola.htm The sales professional is the most important part of any organization! Stay on top of your game with the free 'just sell' newsletter from your sal= es=20 & marketing portal-- justsell.com. To receive these incredible business lea= ds=20 and a daily update of jobs in your profession, complete the Job Sleuth=20 registration form and click "Just Sell" in the special offers section. http://www.job.sleuth.com/register.cfm?refid=3D3005 Company Sleuth Holiday Edition With the holidays just around the corner, many of us find ourselves setting= =20 goals for the new year - both personal and financial.   Company Sleuth is= =20 pleased to bring to you the Company Sleuth Holiday Edition - a limited=20 edition, weekly newsletter providing you with helpful information and insig= ht=20 to help you take advantage of opportunities during this holiday season. =20 Check out these weekly newsletters at: For the Person Who Has It All -=20 http://www.company.sleuth.com/holiday/index.html Savvy Online Shopping - http://www.company.sleuth.com/holiday/111500.html Managing Holiday Spending - http://www.company.sleuth.com/holiday/110800.ht= ml Holiday Travel - http://www.company.sleuth.com/holiday/110100.html About Company Sleuth "=01(Company Sleuth electronically tracks companies of your choosing on wha= t=01,s=20 called the Stakeout List. The Stakeout List includes some obscurities such = as=20 domain name registrations and patents as well as more run-of-the-mill=20 information such as insider trades, news, and broker reports. The number of= =20 message board postings on a stock is displayed in a chart, indicating wheth= er=20 the buzz is heating up or petering out. You don=01,t even need to visit the= regularly=01*Company Sleuth will e-mail the results so you can pick and cho= ose=20 what to read." - =01&13 Sites That Put You Above The Crowd=018 by Paul Barr, OnlineInvesto= r,=20 November 2000 Customize Company Sleuth CompanySleuth has revised its Privacy Policy.  Click here =20 http://www.company.sleuth.com/priv-acqui.cfm to view the revised Privacy=20 Policy. Cancel E-mail http://www.company.sleuth.com/cancelmail.cfm?userid=3DALEWIS34 Contact Company Sleuth http://www.company.sleuth.com/contact-us.cfm Change Stakeout Companies http://www.company.sleuth.com/PickCompanies.cfm Modify E-mail Content http://www.company.sleuth.com/tab-alerts.cfm Change to HTML E-mail http://www.company.sleuth.com/change-mail-format.cfm Company Sleuth is a registered trademark of Infonautics, Inc. (Nasdaq: INFO= )=20 or its subsidiaries. Copyright 2000 Infonautics Corporation http://www.infonautics.com 
Option-Wizard.com. We will continue to bring you valuable offers on the products and services that interest you most. If you wish to unsubscribe please click here: Unsubscribe [IMAGE][IMAGE] Take A Getaway On Us!!!! Claim  Your FREE Gift NOW!!! Choose  From Either... [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE] 
FRESH STUFF FROM THE FOOL FOR: alewis@ect.enron.com http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240139 Dear Fool, Happy Holidays! Here's what's new at The Motley Fool this month: QUEST FOR RULE BREAKERS 2001 ONLINE SEMINAR David Gardner and the Rule Breaker Portfolio managers invite you to join them in the hunt for new investments. Learn to find your own Rule Breakers in this volatile market. 10% EARLY-BIRD DISCOUNT. http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240140 REVAMPED HOME FINANCE CENTER Our new Home Finance Center can answer all your questions about buying a house, refinancing a mortgage, and getting a home equity loan. http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240141 MY ACCOUNTS Get a daily update of your bank balance, your brokerage account, your credit cards, your e-mail, and more. It's all on one page, with just one password to remember. http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240142 Fool On! Erik Rydholm, Co-Founder The Motley Fool http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240143 P.S. We raised more than $750,000 in our charity drive last year, and we hope to beat that total this year. If every Fool gave just five dollars, it would add up to millions for our five top-notch charities. Will you join us? http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240144 _______________________________________________________________________ -- FOOL DIRECT E-MAIL SERVICES Need to change your address or unsubscribe? You can also temporarily suspend mail delivery: http://www.fool.com/community/freemail/freemaillogin.asp?email=alewis@ect.enro n.com -- EMAIL DISCUSSION BOARD Have ideas about how we can improve our e-mail newsletters? Let us know what you think. http://www.fool.com/m.asp?i=240145 _______________________________________________________________________ (c) Copyright 2000, The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Republication and redissemination, including posting to news groups, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of The Motley Fool. MsgId: msg-27486-2000-12-12_14-38-23-5270309_9_Plain_MessageAddress.msg-14:53:24(12-1 2-2000) X-Version: mailer-sender-master,v 1.84 X-Version: mailer-sender-daemon,v 1.84 Message-Recipient: alewis@ect.enron.com 
Dear TI reader, =20 TigerInvestor.com is now closed. I would like to sincerely thank the writer= s,=20 members, and readers for their amazing contributions over the years. The TI= =20 community has bar-none been the best, most thoughtful, sophisticated=20 community of the investors on the net. I am proud of what we accomplished,= =20 shared, and learned together. I wish you all the very best. God bless on al= l=20 your endeavors.? =20 For assorted reasons, I decided to step down and close the site.? Don=01,t= =20 worry, I will fulfill the promise of your privacy and keep your email=20 addresses totally confidential.=20 If you want to reach me, I would love to hear from you. Email me at=20 kimtj@aol.com or visit my personal homepage at?http://www.taekim.com, which= update with my daily thoughts on life. All the best and happy holidays!=20 -Tae Kim=20 Founder, Editor-in-Chief.=20 P.S. Several of TI=01,s writers have decided to carry on the flame and=20 contribute to http://www.eglobalinvestor.com, so do take a gander. 
Queen Sand Resources, Inc. changed its name to DevX Energy, Inc.  The short name on this record will be changed tomorrow afternoon, Tue, Dec. 12, if there are no objections. Thanks, Cheryl x3-3103 
Listed below are several positions which may become available over the next several months in the Portland office.  We will be holding information sessions on Friday, 3/23 in Mt Hood.  Listed below are details regarding the time of the information session, position, department and hiring manager. Time Position   Department   Hiring Manager 10:00 Senior Specialist  Fundamentals Analysis  Tim Heizenrader 10:30 Specialist/Analyst  Real Time   Bill Williams III 11:00 Specialist/Senior Specialist Volume Management  Chris Stokley 12:00   Research Analyst  Renewable Power Desk Elliot Mainzer 2:30  Power Prescheduler  Scheduling   Cara Semperger Please feel free to attend any of these sessions to learn more about the available opportunities. Attached are more detailed descriptions of the above mentioned positions.  We will be considering internal candidates as well as external candidates for the above positions.  If you are interested, please let Amy FitzPatrick know no later than close of business Wednesday, March 28, 2001. 
Start Date: 3/31/01; HourAhead hour: 8;  No ancillary schedules awarded.  No variances detected. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001033108.txt *** Final schedule not found for preferred schedule. 
Group, I will be visiting MPC from Tuesday 04/24 through Thursday 04/26.  I will be back in on the afternoon of the 26th.  I should be available on my cell phone at 503-887-3449.  However, if you cannot reach me, please refer trading or service questions to Geir or Ryan. Thanks, Bill 
The Late Day Rotation for Preschedule coverage is as follows: Monday - Lisa Tuesday - Stacy Wednesday-Donald Thursday - Diane Friday - Susie Please refer late calls for preschedulers who have left for the day to the late day person. 
Start Date: 4/26/01; HourAhead hour: 16;  No ancillary schedules awarded.  No variances detected. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001042616.txt *** Final schedule not found for preferred schedule. 
Trading, Origination, Asset Services, and Community Affairs have purchased a box suite (17 seats) at PGE Park.  This entitles these groups the opportunity to have a total of 17 people attend each home Beavers and Timbers game.  The Enron PGE Park Committee (comprised of some employees from the groups above) is working together to ensure equitable distribution of tickets so that everyone on the floor will have an opportunity to attend games. In order to allocate tickets in the most beneficial way to those who are interested, please respond to the following questions by Monday afternoon, April 30.  If you would prefer to reply verbally, stop by Debra's desk and she will write them down.  Debra also has information about the games if you have questions. Are you interested in attending any Timbers soccer games? If yes to Timbers games, about how many games would you like to attend? If yes to Timbers games, how many tickets would you be interested in getting? Are you interested in attending any Beavers baseball games? If yes to Beavers games, about how many games would you like to attend? If yes to Beavers games, how many tickets would you be interested in getting for each game? If you have no interest in attending Beavers or Timbers games, please let Debra know. Keep in mind that there must be at least one Enron employee with guests. Tickets cannot be given away or sold.  Contact Debra if you have any questions. 
Once again, I am sending you the pdf file for the latest and greatest news about the SAP implementation.  We found out the computer I used this time had a different version of Acrobat so try this one.   Double click on the attached and launch in Acrobat reader.  If the error message that no application is found, click your START button,  click on Programs and then Utilities which should bring up Acrobat Reader at the top.  Click on that and load the application. If you have problems or, if you really would like a different version, let me know.  Just respond to this note or call me at 713-853-3986.  If you prefer a printed copy or a non-graphic version, let me know that too. 
Deals Closed-- 2001 from EOT - Topock for $0.23.  This was the space we had tried   to sell using the IOS last week.  The high bid then had been $.138/MMBtu and we rejected the offer.  APS had not been a bidder in the IOS. lateral.  This is an East-to-East deal at $0.065 plus fuel for 14 months beginning Sept 2000.  This new shipper on TW will generate additional revenue (had shipped under a Duke FT for $0.02). January 1, 2001 through December 31, 2002 at $0.045. Final details are being negotiated but the volume would range from  100,000 to 150,000 MMBtu/d.  We will need to spend approximately $375,000 to expand the metering capability of the Arkansas loop. MMBtu/d.  The term is calendar 2001 for a $.06 rate.  We have approximately 30,000 MMBtu/d of remaining space available. Burlington Resources - Burlington claims we are limiting production from their Val Verde Plant because TW is unable to fully accept all the nominations of gas under the current operating agreement.  They claim approximately $135,000/month in lost revenues.  We are pulling together the data on exactly which days we have not been able to take BR's gas.  Thus far BR has rejected our revised wording in the interconnect amendment, specifically "best efforts" and "subject to operating conditions on TW", so we will need to revise this further.  We offered alternate receipt point flexibility at Ignacio and alternate delivery point flexibility at El Paso Blanco on their Jackrabbit contract but they do not think this is sufficient to agree to amend the interconnect agreement.  They have suggested we consider giving them a deeper discount on their San Juan - Waha contract (80,000/d, $0.14, term 11/30/06) but this is not acceptable to TW.  We are evaluating all options. SouthWest Gas notified us they are within 90 days of being capable of receiving gas through the new interconnect in Nevada.  Under the terms of the agreement, we are now obligated to pay SWG the remaining CAIC of $417,500. Transport Options Tariff--  Meetings were held this week with customers and internal personnel to flange up remaining details of how the  program will function. Mid-year Employment Reviews were completed for all Team Members this week. 
=09Announcing the GPG Intranet =09 Consolidation Project =09 (home.GPG.enron.com) =09 =09 =09 Why are we doing this? In the spirit of the One GPG campaign, we are consolidating all of the GPG= =20 Intranet sites to present a common look and feel by leveraging the latest w= eb=20 technology.  This effort will reduce the cost to maintain these sites and= =20 servers. How will it affect me as a user? As a user you will be able to search the G= PG=20 Intranet, create your own myGPG.com page and update content you are=20 responsible for whenever you need. =01(.as a Webmaster? By utilizing Content Management tools, Webmasters will be able to focus on= =20 development efforts.  Standards will be put in place regarding navigation,= =20 graphics, content and performance.  Tools will be available to check the=20 performance and usage of your site. What are the next steps? The Intranet team will be contacting Webmasters with content on the current= =20 GPG website (www.ots.enron.com) to discuss the migration.  All content on t= he=20 existing web server will be moved to the new GPG Intranet. What is the future direction? The initial rollout will include the migration of the existing GPG site=20 (www.ots.enron.com), content management of that information and the=20 myGPG.com. =20 Meetings will be setup with each operating company's Webmaster to discuss= =20 timelines for integrating the remaining web servers into the new environmen= t. Questions LaDonna Dervin is the project manager for the project and can be reached at= =20 713.853.7103 if you have any questions regarding the project. 
01:47 PM --------------------------- Lindy Donoho 12/04/2000 12:02 PM Fawcett/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Lorraine Lindberg/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, TK Lohman/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Christine Stokes/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Attached is the document that was posted on TW's EBB Friday, December 1, 2000 for distribution to your customers as needed. 
09:36 AM --------------------------- 11/09/2000 09:12 AM 
How are things in Denver?  I haven't heard from you in a while and I thought I would drop you a line.  I have the picture of all of us from that mexican food restaurant off of Westheimer under my mouse pad and I was thinking about you. How are the wedding plans going?  Good I hope.  Have you adjusted to the new living situation?  It can be tough at first, but as long as you are patient, everything works out.  That was probably the most difficult thign for us. Have you been keeping up with the Astros?  They look absolutely horrible. They blew another 7 run lead last night.  At least the stadium is really nice, otherwise I would be very dissappointed that I got tickets.  I hope your parents are still enjoying the seats. Talk to you soon. PL 
We will be here for Easter.  I am off work on that good friday, it is a nymex holiday, so we can hang out.  Give me a shout.  Looking forward to it.  Did Jason go to Vegas this weekend?  I thought you had said he was going.  I had a blast, won about $650.  Talk to you soon. PL 
I have corrected the differential pricing(calc sheet prices) for 01/01 & 02/01.  You should be able to redraft now.  Let me know when you want to discuss the trigger price discrepancies.  Thanks. PL 
yes, I am going to puerto rico with sarah and matty, I will be around memorial day weekend if you can do it 
I cant sorry 
OUTLOOK EMAIL NOTIFICATION Your Date of Migration is: May 15th YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SEND E-MAIL unless you take the following action: Please go through your Notes email and clean out as many old/un-needed emai= l=20 items as possible BEFORE your date of migration.? After you are migrated to= =20 Outlook you will only be allocated 100MB of total Mailbox space.?? If more= =20 than this amount of data is migrated to Outlook YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEN= D=20 E-MAIL until it is below the 100MB limit.? Cleaning up your Notes email now= =20 will prevent this from happening to YOU. Enron=01,s messaging platform is migrating from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Ou= tlook=20 2000 worldwide.  You will be accessing Outlook for all of your email=20 functions.=20 WHY IS ENRON MIGRATING TO OUTLOOK 2000? Many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from Lotus Notes to=20 Microsoft Exchange/Outlook.  The most prominent factors were: ? Significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated wit= h=20 current Enron apps (Windows 2000, Office and Internet Explorer) ? More efficient Shared PC and Roaming User features ? Improved support and integration for Palm/CE devices ? Instant Messaging capabilities WHAT IS BEING MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK 2000? ? Email Messages.  From the date of your scheduled migration, the last (30)= =20 thirty days of your Email will be converted for use in Outlook. ? All your folders in Notes you use to store email messages in. ? To Do Items ? Journal Items ? Calendar Entries dating from (1) one year in the past to (10) ten years i= n=20 the future will be converted. ? Address Books, but NOT your Distribution Lists that you created.  You wil= l=20 need to re-create these in Outlook. Thank you, Outlook 2000 Migration Team 
Participate in National Fitness Week on eSpeak!  Tuesday, May 15 at 10 a.m. Houston time, join Dr. Joel Bloom, Associate Professor of Health and Human Performance at the University of Houston.  Ask Dr. Bloom about  topics such as the difference between sports drinks and water, myths about abdominal exercise, to breakfast or not to breakfast and much more! Remember:  You don't have to participate in the live event to get your questions answered.  Go to eSpeak now and post your questions for Dr. Bloom. You can go to the eSpeak archive later and read the transcript to find your answer. Check out the new postings in the Office of the Chairman category in eMeet. While you're there, add some thoughts of your own to any of the ongoing discussions.  Visit eMeet today! Do you know what hollow core fiber is?  Would you like to know?  Stop by the Idea Vault at the ThinkBank and find out!  Haven't been there in a while? You have some catching up to do, then! ethink.enron.com 
Ever wonder . . . . ? Do those sports drink like Gatorade work? ? How much exercise is too much? ? If I want to bulk-up those muscles, is Creatine safe? ? Do weight gaining powders work? ? What about diet pills? Then join Dr. Joel Bloom for an Enron eSpeak on Tuesday, March 15, 2001 at 10:00 AM when he will answer these questions and many more.  Just go to http://ethink.enron.com/. Dr. Bloom is an Associate Professor in the Department of Health and Human Performance at the University of Houston. Joel specializes in Biomechanics, Sports Medicine, and Aquatic Therapy.  He is a strong advocate for bringing back physical activity into public schools and is on the Texas Commission for Bicycle Safety.  He has also published several books and numerous articles on sports performance, exercise, biomechanics, injury prevention, and  training programs. Dr. Bloom will talk about: ? Sports Drinks vs. Water/ Truths and Myths ? Stretching/Truths and Myths ? Myths about Abdominal Exercises ? Supplements/ Risks and Benefits ? Food Label Reading/Fact or Fiction? ? To breakfast or not to Breakfast? So join us on Tuesday, March 15 on eSpeak. 
we maybe slow, but we eventually get there,, as you know Carr has been trying to get approval from within and from Enron finance people to create margin financing to execute & clear Nymex (and e-nymex too) business for Enron. Well we are finally there.. We would love the opportunity to renew our realtionship of executing and/or clearing for you again. We are told (by Sarah) that you would have to talk to your individual finance person to get the particulars of this, but she told us that we are basically approved.. If you have any question about this , please call.. Other than that any assistance we could be to help in this , let us know.. definitely looking forward to this opportunity to do business again. Carr Futures 150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500 Chicago, IL 60606  USA Tel:  312-368-2205 Fax:  312-368-2281 mheffner@carrfut.com http://www.carrfut.com 
John/Mike- Hi.. this is the list of people attending on thursday night.. the event starts at 9 pm  so we are likely to take our guests to dinner before (around 6:30-7)- will send details today. Friday- so far, we have you seeing: SAC Cap- coming to office after close Friday Catequil- we will pop over Friday Global Advisors- Danny Masters stopping by 1) Per and Jean Sekse (Enron) 2) Russ Dyk and Caroline Abramo (Enron) 3) Jason Mraz and guest (Tudor Investments) 4) Andrew Suckling and guest (Tudor Investments) 5) Danny Masters and guest (Global Advisors UK) 6) Steve Schmitz and guest (SAC Capital) 7) Brian Copp and guest (SAC Capital) 8) Andreas Hommert and guest (Catequil Asset Management) 9) Rob Ellis and guest (Catequil Asset Management) 10) Jason Hotra and guest (Harvard Management Company, Inc.) In addition, I'd like to get tickets for the additional parties below: 1) Jennifer Fraser and guest (Enron) 2) Robyn and George Zivic (Enron) 3) Paul Touradji and guest (Catequil Asset Management) 4) William Callanan and guest (Duquesne Capital Management) - please advise on whether I can have this many tickets 
FYI AM --------------------------- Karen E Jones@ECT 10/26/2000 05:30 PM Rasmussen/HOU/ECT@ECT My adds to you list are (1) the "2-Train" contract for Pastoria (7FAs, HRSGs & other ancillary equipment) and (2) the "1-Train" contract for Pastoria (agreement in principle with final, full-blown contract nearing completion). --  Regards, Karen Clark/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bob Carter/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stuart Zisman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Dieball/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENt, David K Bargainer/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Brian D Barto/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Cheryl Costa/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Peggy Banczak/HOU/ECT@ECT, Karen E Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dale Rasmussen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Alan Larsen/PDX/ECT@ECT, davidlu@nepco.com As you know, Enron is refinancing the equipment we bought through WestLB. I've been asked to compile a list of all the equipment purchased through WestLB, and the change orders related to same.  All I know about is the LM deal with GE (with 1 executed change order, approximately 4 or 5 pending) and the ABB transformer deal (with one CO pending).  Please let me know if you are aware of any others. Thanks, Kay 
Agreement (the second document below), which incorporates the revised Retention Letter amounts.  I have also included a blackline (first document below) so that you can demonstrate to GE that no other changes have been made.  To complete the Agreement, the date of execution must be added to the first page and Exhibit H-2 must be inserted manually.  I believe that you already have a copy of Exhibit H-2 provided by Lee Johnson, but I will forward a copy momentarily. Gas Turbine Purchase Agreement - Version 5.DOC>> 
This is preliminary.  I'm supposed to get with our finance folks tomorrow to get it finished.  This is ok to send to NW with that understanding. Kay 
Feel free to copy all you want, assuming there is nothing too compromising! "Lisa Clarke" <lisa@casa-de-clarke.com> on 08/07/2000 08:26:59 AM Hi Kay! How are yall doing? We are doing okay. Katie had to be at her school at 8 for a band thing and you would think it was the darkest day of the year. But, I think secretly she was looking forward to seeing her friends. Since she's in 8th grade, she's feeling pretty big. I accidentally brought home a roll of Paige's film. I think it's Paiges, it has a picture of Mikey on it. But it could be yours. Anyway, there were a couple of really cute pictures of your kids and mom and dad, so if it's okay with you I would like to get some copies made for me to keep before I mail the roll to you. Is that okay? There are a couple of really cute picures of Paige carrying Michael piggy back! Take it easy! Love you! Lisa 
Kay Attached are changes to the Northwestern 7EA Letter Agreement.  Per Ben Jacoby's request, I have updated the Remaining Purchase Amount Instalment (Schedule III) Amounts.  Catherine Clark in Global Finance has signed off on these numbers, as well.  Please call me at x57968 if you have any questions. Regards, Rebecca 
Term sheet for Wisconsin project with Nuclear Management LLC to discuss wit= h=20 Herman Manis. Carlos Sole' Senior Counsel Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002-7361 (713) 345-8191 (phone) 713 646-3393 (fax) =09Doug Sewell/ENRON@enronXgate =0904/25/2001 09:33 AM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Carlos Sole/NA/Enron@Enron =09=09 cc: Terri Clynes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike E Kelly/ENRON@enronXgate, Ron=20 Tapscott/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 Subject: FW: term sheet template Carlos, I have added some language that briefly describes the unit protection=20 product.  Mike Kelly or the folks from Enron Global Markets will have to=20 approve the final language for their product.  Please note that we can=01,t= this an insurance product.  Terri Clynes will be sending comments on the te= rm=20 sheet later today. =20 =20 Sent: Friday, April 20, 2001 8:57 AM Doug, see attached term sheet for NMC (Arpin, WI site).  Please provide comments= =20 and changes as appropriate (plus add language for your insurance product in= =20 the place holder). Carlos, Doug and I will provide you background.  I am not sure if you are the=20 appropriate Legal Support (please direct us to the appropriate person if yo= u=20 are not). This is a starting point and is fairly general (to facilitate discussions= =20 with NMC). Thanks, Ron. 
Lost Items: A cell phone and pair of glasses were found after the conference. Contact Sara Davidson, if either of these items belongs to you. Presentation Materials: The guest speaker presentations will be available at the Enron Law Conference website by the end of this week. The website is at http://lawconference.corp.enron.com/. These materials can be found under the Conference Schedule or . Through the icons on the left hand side the files can be either launched and printed from the website, or the documents can be sent to you via email. Enron Legal Edge Availability: Due to technical problems, the Enron Legal Edge will not be available till later this week. An email will be sent out to all users when the site is running and available. Sorry, for the delay. 
Attached is a copy of the term sheet which I faxed to WEPCO on Monday afternoon of this week.  This proposal utilized the ComEd term sheet as a template and was modified based on our discussions with WEPCO commercial personnel. Call me if you wish to discuss. Fred 
03:49 PM --------------------------- Thomas A Martin 10/11/2000 03:55 PM The deal is physically served at Oasis Waha or Oasis Katy and is priced at either HSC, Waha or Katytailgate GD at buyers option three days prior to NYMEX  close. 
Attendees:  Brian Redmond, Jim Coffey, Ed Gottlob, Jackie Nelson, Mick Walters, Carol Carter, Steve Schneider, Nick Cocavessis, Jim Schwieger Email sent by Lillian Carroll 
There will be a meeting Wednesday, Feb. 7th @ 3:00 in EB35C1.  The subject is HPL Transition - Acct Issues/Unwind HPL Books.  If you are unable to attend please contact Lisa Lunz @ 3-5634. Thanks! 
The following file contains a graphical view of the North American Gas average deal count by Trader and Product for EOL. This information is for comparative analysis only.  Do not update links when opening this file. If you have any questions regarding this breakout, please let me know . Thanks, Adam Johnson x54877 EnronOnline 
The following file contains a graphical view of the North American Gas average deal count by Trader and Product for EOL. This information is for comparative analysis only.  Do not update links when opening this file. If you have any questions regarding this breakout, please let me know . Thanks, Adam Johnson x54877 EnronOnline 
Steve, Please set up a spreadsheet for me with the following tickers: Basis NWPL RM  Cash, Oct (spot month), Nov-Mar, Apr -Oct EP SJ  Cash, Oct (spot month), Nov-Mar, Apr -Oct Thanks, Larry 
Attached is PIRA's latest "Electricity Daily Demand Forecast." If you have any questions regarding the report's content, please contact Morris Greenberg (email: morris@pira.com) or Victoria Watkins (email: vwatkins@pira.com), at (212) 686-6808. Contact John Graziano regarding PIRA report distribution and address changes at (212) 686-6808, email: support@pira.com. NOTE: Circulation of the "Electricity Daily Demand Forecast" outside a Client's licensed distribution area is strictly prohibited. Clients that are unsure of their licensed distribution or require an extension of their current license should contact their PIRA sales representative, or email to sales@pira.com. PIRA Energy Group 
Attached is PIRA's latest "Electricity Daily Demand Forecast." If you have any questions regarding the report's content, please contact Morris Greenberg (email: morris@pira.com) or Victoria Watkins (email: vwatkins@pira.com), at (212) 686-6808. Contact John Graziano regarding PIRA report distribution and address changes at (212) 686-6808, email: support@pira.com. NOTE: Circulation of the "Electricity Daily Demand Forecast" outside a Client's licensed distribution area is strictly prohibited. Clients that are unsure of their licensed distribution or require an extension of their current license should contact their PIRA sales representative, or email to sales@pira.com. PIRA Energy Group 
W E E K E N D   S Y S T E M S   A V A I L A B I L I T Y F O R April 27, 2001 5:00pm through April 30, 2001 12:00am SCHEDULED SYSTEM OUTAGES: ARDMORE DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages. AZURIX: No Scheduled Outages. EB34 DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages. EDI SERVER: No Scheduled Outages. ENRON CENTER SOUTH DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages ENRON NORTH AMERICAN LANS:  No Scheduled Outages. FIELD SERVICES:  No Scheduled Outages. INTERNET: No Scheduled Outages. MESSAGING: No Scheduled Outages. MARKET DATA: No Scheduled Outages. NT: No Scheduled Outages. OS/2:  No Scheduled Outages. OTHER SYSTEMS: Impact:  EBS Time:  Fri 4/27/2001 at  8:00:00 PM CT thru Fri 4/27/2001 at  9:00:00 PM CT Outage:  OSSPROD Server Move - Portland to Houston (EBS) Environments Impacted:  All Purpose: ECOMS is the EBS order management system. It is a mission ciritical app, and the server is being moved to Houston. Oracle does not function in a NAT environment, so network changes must be made to accomodate the move. Backout: Put original ACL back in place Contact(s):  Dennis McGough    713-345-3143 SITARA:  No Scheduled Outages. SUN/OSS SYSTEM: No Scheduled Outages. TELEPHONY: No Scheduled Outages TERMINAL SERVER:  No Scheduled Outages. UNIFY: Impact:  CORP Time:  Fri 4/27/2001 at  8:00:00 PM CT thru Sat 4/28/2001 at  12:00:00 AM CT Outage:  Unify Server Name Changes Environments Impacted:  Unify Development Purpose: Full complinace with naming standard. Backout: A full backup of the servers and Emergency Repair disk will be done prior to the name change. Contact(s):  Charles Ballmer    713-853-0684 (713) 853-1411   Enron Resolution Center Specific Help: Information Risk Management   (713) 853-5536 SAP/ISC Unify On-Call      (713) 284-3757  [Pager] Sitara On-Call     (713) 288-0101  [Pager] RUS/GOPS/GeoTools/APRS   (713) 639-9726  [Pager] OSS/UA4/TARP    (713) 285-3165  [Pager] CPR      (713) 284-4175  [Pager] EDI Support      (713) 327-3893  [Pager] EES Help Desk     (713)853-9797 OR (888)853-9797 
Hi Chris - Mike asked me to respond on his behalf to find out exactly which dates you are referring to in your message below.  We were assuming January 3rd and 4th, but we did not want to assume incorrectly.  If you are indeed referring to January 3rd and 4th, please note that Mike McConnell will be out of town January 2nd through the 4th, returning to the office on January 5th. Please let us know if you will be available on any other dates.  Thank you. Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 Chris Mahoney 12/26/2000 07:30 PM Nowlan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Don Schroeder/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bill White/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT@ECT I will be in the office on wed aftn and all day thursday.  I would like to catch up with all of you.  not sure of people's schedules but please advise me of your availability and hope most of you can make it for dinner on thur.  I will list some important things to me that I  would like to discuss and propose some thoughts on positive changes for 2001. teamwork/communication/teaching/guidance/leadership -   these are the major areas we should be thinking about how we can improve. teamwork - I feel we look at each commodity (crude/light distillates/middle distillates/heavy distillates/lpg/ petrochemicals) as a separate business.   try to identify team leaders to provide direction for that business, establish resources required to meet proposed budgets, and work on individual limits for the traders in those groups. communication - once we have established global teams this should improve significantly.  'the road to hell is paved with good intentions' and until traders bonuses are directly tied to the profitability of someone in another office I don't think we will communicate as effectively we need to. we have very few niche markets to exploit that provide us with guaranteed revenues or allow most of our physical traders the ability to trade well without a strong understanding of the push/pull forces at work from the other centers.   for the last two years this has been cited a main area for improvement.  to get to where we want to be I feel it has to be done through global books. teaching - given that the growth of the group has shifted away from hiring from the outside and toward internal recruiting we need to focus on how we develop and keep young talent.  also, given the lack of depth in our trading group it is important that our best traders be given the additional responsibility for development of talent in their teams. guidance - I feel that if  we move toward smaller business units it will be easier for individuals to understand what the strategy is and what their specific role in that strategy is.  we lost a lot of people at this time last year and the common complaint amongst all of them was they couldn't see where this group was headed. leadership - with a group of 114 people at last count it is important to start thinking about ways to encourage more people to make a greater  personal investment in making this group a success.  not just meeting a budget but also in creating a  business that will survive the exit of  any individual.   a business that will have a competitive advantage and that those involved in it will be highly motivated to keep growing. if there is consensus on the need to improve upon the above then we can analyse how we go about it. I believe that by going toward global books we could improve upon many of our weaknesses.  chemistry is the major concern on a such move but best looked at in context of each group. there are many other important issues such as eol, marketing team, research group, recruitment, etc but I honestly think we have to focus first on how do we make most with the exisitng group and then figure out how to try to build upon it. look forward to seeing you on weds aftn or thursday and please email when/if you have free time to meet up. thanks, chris. 
John, You caught me.  I've been hit again with the bug, the 3rd time in November, and the combination of drugs has me wide awake.  I did promise Chris that I wouldn't run off to the office when this occurs but she didn't tell me I couldn't do a lot of emails from home! - there is always a catch! Actually I'm back to bed to try again after this one. Hope all is well in merry old England. Cheers, Mike John Sherriff 11/30/2000 01:56 AM Thanks Mike - are you up in the middle of the night again? John Mike McConnell 30/11/2000 07:39 John, I'm in.  She was outstanding.  If you don't want her, I'll take her! I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting.  If i'm not there please feel free to pass on my strong support. Cheers, Mike 
Cindy, I don't think we have a fit here but would you please follow-up and let him know that we looked around and couldn't find anything.  Also please forward to other groups as well. Thanks, mike 11:36 PM --------------------------- Jerry Mundy@ENRON 10/24/2000 01:53 PM Mike, Thanks for the quick follow-up. My background is in the sales, marketing, strategic planning and M&A areas in the industrial sector. Do not know if there is a fit, but I had hoped to explore possibilities with you. Jerry Mundy  ext:68387 
John, We're getting old. mike John Moore@ENRON 10/23/2000 08:53 AM Mike, This weekend, Cole, my thirteen year old, and I attended the birthday party for Dorothy's five year old daughter, Caitland. What ever happended to the saying " the more things change, the more they remain the same"?  Things have definitely not stayed the same. Anyway, Dorothy asked about you and I encouraged her to call you, and I think she will. JMoore 
Dana, Thanks for the call and email.  I will look at your resume and get back to you . Mike 
Dear Mike: How is Tokyo?  Events look serious in the Middle East right now.  Where are you heading to next? The weather here has been lovely.  When do you think you and your wife will next be in San Francisco? Please let me know how you would like to proceed on the Lichtenstein artwork 'Blue Note.'  We have located the work on your behalf but cannot proceed until we have a serious commitment from you. Most sincerely, Virginia Repasky Christopher-Clark Fine Art 
Everett,  congrats! mike 12:47 PM --------------------------- 08/15/2000 06:11 PM Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON are effective immediately: EBS, will move to Corporate as Managing Director and assume responsibility for Business Risk Management, IT Compliance as well as working on a number of special assignments for Rick Causey, Executive Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Corp. John Echols, currently Managing Director - Risk Systems Development for EBS will assume responsibility for accounting and administration for EBS  as well as his current responsibilities and will report to the Office of the Chairman for EBS. Everett Plante, currently Vice President - Chief Information Officer for EBS will now  report directly to the Office of the Chairman for EBS. 
George, Thanks for the email.  Congrats on the getting non-binding bid, I think. When we get a chance, after Sempra closes, please set up a meeting with all of us and Frevert to discuss in detail.  Also include Jeff Donahue. You are aware of my concerns and issues and we need to discuss them in great detail before we move forward with Pacificorp. Mike Delainey/HOU/ECT@ECT McGowan/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Joseph Deffner/HOU/ECT@ECT, Wes Colwell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stuart Staley/LON/ECT@ECT, Jordan Mintz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Liss/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Tim Proffitt/HOU/ECT@ECT, Cris Sherman/HOU/ECT@ECT Pacificorps' board has given the ok for their capital division to negotiate with us on an exclusive basis for the sale of the 4 - synfuel machines they currently own and operate in Alabama.  Pacificorp advertises that each machine is capable of producing synfuel at the annual rate of 1.5 - 2.0 mm tons,  for a total of 6 - 8 mm annual tons. We will meet with Pacificorp early next week in Portland to discuss a due diligence schedule and ground rules for the sale.  We will obviously require one or more qualified monetizers to work with us on this deal from day one. If we line up more then one monetizer it would be helpful if we appoint a single monetizer to be the lead, otherwise we may end up facing conflicting demands from each monetizer. Our ideal structure would have the monetizers immediately owning 100% of the equity in the machines, while we provide the sites, coal supply, and synfuel sales.  We need to work with the monetizers to identify qualified operators, while not taking any operating risk ourselves. Given the "lease"  issue surrounding the Sempra deal, we need to make sure we structure Pacificorp (and AIG) as a mtm deal. We currently have a site team that has identified appropriate sites, and is starting the preliminary engineering and permitting work on each site.  The sites include river terminals and mines in West Virginia and Kentucky. We expect to finalize Sempra this week ( 2 - machines on an accrual basis). "Team Synfuel" will then focus their activities on AIG (3 - machines) and Pacificorp (4 - machines) in order to close at least one of the deals by the end of October.  Our goal remains to secure 4 - 6 machines by the end of the year. 
Greg: I will not be able to go to lunch with you, dinner is possible. I would suggest you wear a suit. I am not sure at this point who you will interview with, I should know soon. I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs. If you do not hear from me please call me (wk 853-7699, hm 972-1208). 
Graydon: I  was thinking i may come into Austin this weekend to do some sking on lake austin, let me know if that is good. Maybe Sat morn. BT 
MCKAY, BRADLEY T, ? You have been selected to participate in the Mid Year 2001 Performance Management process.  Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. ? select Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, May 25, 2001. ? If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  1.713.853.4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com ? Thank you for your participation in this important process. ? The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."  Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list.  NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. ? Employee Name: LILLY, KYLE RANK, SABINA THIBAUT, DANIEL 
Jim: Are these basis offers or efp offers? 
ok 
colovista is good with me, late may is good.brad 
Make sure it is after 4:00, I do not want him to sit with me during trading hours. Thanks Brad 
Greetings from Amazon.com. We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items today, and that this completes your order. Thanks for shopping at Amazon.com, and we hope to see you again soon. You can track the status of this order, and all your orders, online by visiting "Your Account" page at http://www.amazon.com/your-account. There you can: The following items were included in this shipment: Qty      Item                           Price  Shipped  Subtotal 1        The Ultimate Collection        $23.72  1       $23.72 This shipment was sent to: via US First Class (3-7 business days). Unfortunately, this carrier does not provide tracking numbers. If you've explored the links on "Your Account" page but still need to get in touch with us about your order, e-mail us at orders@amazon.com. On your next visit to our Web site, come see what's New for You by clicking the link on the right-hand side of our home page, or by visiting this URL: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/subst/recs/new-for-you/new-for-you.html/ref= cs_ae_nfy We've selected an assortment of new releases, recommendations, and informative articles that we think would appeal to you. Thank you for shopping at Amazon.com. Amazon.com Earth's Biggest Selection orders@amazon.com             http://www.amazon.com/ 
We are launching a number of committees to perform key functions across=20 Enron.  Enron=01,s breadth of activities and nonhierarchal organization mak= e it=20 increasingly necessary to broaden the participation of Enron=01,s next=20 generation of leadership in the important decisions affecting the company. = =20 Broadening participation will result in increased access to information as= =20 decisions are made and will allow committee members to extend their working= =20 relationships and influence throughout the company. The committee charters and memberships are set forth below.  Not everyone= =20 listed has been contacted in advance.  We urge you to serve if at all=20 possible, but, if you cannot, please contact the committee chair. VP PRC The VP PRC will continue to be responsible for evaluating the performance o= f=20 Enron=01,s Vice Presidents, determining promotions to Vice President, and= =20 recommending promotions to Managing Director.  Additionally, the VP PRC wil= l=20 review and propose changes to the PRC process, the performance evaluation= =20 criteria and the promotion criteria. The VP PRC will be chaired by Dave Delainey and its membership is as follow= s: Tim Belden=09Ben Glisan=09Danny McCarty Michael Brown=09Joe Gold=09Jeff McMahon Rick Buy=09Mark Haedicke=09Rob Milnthorp Wes Colwell=09Jim Hughes=09Matthew Scrimshaw David Cox=09Louise Kitchen=09Jeff Shankman Janet Dietrich=09Michael Kopper=09Richard Shapiro Dave Duran=09John Lavorato=09Marty Sunde Jim Fallon=09Dan Leff=09 Analyst/Associate PRC The analyst/associate PRC will be divided into 3 groups.  Enron Europe will= =20 have the same committee evaluate analysts and associates.  This group will = be=20 chaired by John Sherriff and its membership is as follows: Pierre Aury=09Kevin Heffron=09Andreas Radmacher Rob Bayley=09Joe Hirl=09Stuart Rexrode Paul Chivers=09Chris Mahoney=09Marcello Romano Markus Fiala=09Christopher McKey=09Bjarne Schieldrop David Gallagher=09Roy Poyntz=09Ron Slimp Bruce Garner=09Paul Quilkey=09Rob Stewart The associate PRC for the Americas will be chaired by Stan Horton and its= =20 membership is as follows: Sally Beck =09Troy Henry=09Kevin Presto=20 Jeremy Blachman=09Sean Holmes =09Brad Richter=20 Don Black=09Sean Long =09Stewart Seeligson Dan Castagnola =09Rodney Malcolm=09Hunter Shively Joe Deffner=09Scott Neal =09Jim Steffes=20 Kevin Garland=09John Nowlan =09Andy Zipper=20 David Gorte=09Ozzie Pagan =09 The analyst PRC for the Americas will be chaired by Steve Kean and its=20 membership is as follows: Federico Cerisoli =09Mark Jackson =09Everett Plante=20 Jennifer Fraser =09Ben Jacoby =09Paul Racicot=20 Derrick Davies=09Steve Jernigan =09Angela Schwarz Scott Gahn =09Jay Lewis =09Ed Smida=20 Rod Hayslett=09Cheryl Lipshutz =09Jon Thomsen=20 Rogers Herndon =09Michael Mann=09Emilio Vicens=20 Brenda Herod =09Ed McMichael =09Frank Vickers=20 Kevin Howard =09Steve Meyers =09 Analyst/Associate Program The most essential determinant of Enron=01,s continued growth is our abilit= y to=20 attract and develop new talent.  The analyst/associate program has been the= =20 biggest contributor to our success in this area.  Charlene Jackson, current= ly=20 leading our analyst/associate program, has taken a commercial position in= =20 EES=01, account management organization.  We thank Charlene for her hard wo= rk=20 and many contributions to the program.  Going forward, this program will be= =20 administered by a committee chaired by John Sherriff, CEO of Enron Europe. = =20 The members of this committee are listed below.  Billy Lemmons, currently= =20 Vice President of Enron Global Markets, will lead the day-to-day operations= =20 of the program. Billy joined Enron in 1992, and has served in a variety of= =20 commercial capacities across the company and has been an active participant= =20 in the Associate /Analyst program.  Please join us in congratulating Billy = on=20 his new responsibilities. Phillip Allen=09Andy Fastow=09Eric Shaw Robina Barker-Bennett=09Kevin Garland=09Hunter Shively Rick Causey=09Ken Rice=09Stu Staley Joe Deffner=09=09 Culture We are combining the vision and values, diversity and corporate=20 responsibility committees into a single corporate culture committee chaired= =20 by Ken Lay.  Cindy Olson, Beth Tilney and Kelly Kimberly will serve as=20 executive directors of this committee.  This committee will focus on=20 leadership and work-life issues (making it easier to attract and retain the= =20 best talent), in addition to continuing the work of the vision and values,= =20 diversity and corporate responsibility task forces.  The members of this=20 committee are as follows: Greg Adams=09Louise Kitchen=09Mark Palmer Shelley Corman=09Michael Kopper=09Paula Rieker Janet Dietrich=09Richard Lewis=09Jeff Shankman Jeff Donahue=09Sean Long=09Mitch Taylor Gene Humphrey=09Dan McCarty=09Mike Terraso Robert Jones=09Jean Mrha=09 The Corporate Policy Committee will conduct the MD PRC and review the=20 recommendations of the other committees, giving substantial deference to th= e=20 decisions of those other committees.  We will be forming other committees t= o=20 deal with other significant functions, tasks and issues facing the company. 
Sent: Monday, April 23, 2001 4:23 PM 
Done. EM Errol: Conagra trader says he wanted NX1, but got Gas Daily-Hub on the following EOL trades from December 5: 661729 661523 661729 661985 662042 Please let me know when they have been revised. Thank you: Derek 
Deal QQ9854 does not become a NX3 swap until after Dec. 21, 2001, if it assigned.  Before then it has to be booked as a swaption expiring on Dec 21, 2001. Thanks, Errol Janie Aguayo@ECT 02/09/2001 05:14 PM Hi Errol, Would you please change the index on QQ9854.1 & .2 to NX3. Thank you - Janie 
Sorry Dawn, QS7544 is not correct.  This deal is an option and is booked to NG-Exotic.  It should be booked to NG-PR-OPT. Thanks, Errol Dawn C Kenne@ECT 03/02/2001 11:09 AM Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT Errol, can you look at these deals in tagg stage and let me know if this is how they are supposed to look?  These are the deals with the option having NG-PR-OPT, but the swap remaining the same as before.  If everything looks ok we will put into production this evening. Let me know... QS7544 and QS7545 Dawn 
Jeff, Attached is a full list of the deals that booked incorrectly. Thanks, Errol 09:42 AM --------------------------- Sent: Monday, April 23, 2001 4:23 PM 
Shannon, Please disregard first e-mail.  The post-id's for the 30th were: 1121922=20 1121923 1121919. Thanks, Errol Please send me the Post ID's for NG Price, NG Price Options and NG Price=20 Crude, for April. =01; Thanks! Shannon McPearson Enron North America 713-853-5944 Shannon.McPearson@enron.com =20 
Please only reply to the original requester!!!  DO NOT HIT REPLY TO ALL!! You are sending your reply to Enron worldwide.  That means you are sending your reply to everyone who works for Enron.  Please only reply to the original sender. Thanks! Jonathan Anderson 
Just a reminder: 713-345-4727. Kathy 
Start Date: 4/17/01; HourAhead hour: 11;  No ancillary schedules awarded. Variances detected. Variances detected in Energy Import/Export schedule. Variances detected in Load schedule. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001041711.txt $$$ Variance found in table tblINTCHG_IMPEXP. $$$ Variance found in table tblLoads. 
Start Date: 4/24/01; HourAhead hour: 10;  No ancillary schedules awarded. Variances detected. Variances detected in Generation schedule. Variances detected in Load schedule. PARSING FILE -->> O:\Portland\WestDesk\California Scheduling\ISO Final Schedules\2001042410.txt $$$ Variance found in table tblGEN_SCHEDULE. $$$ Variance found in table tblLoads. 
Group, When doing an import or an export from California there are a few important guidelines to remember. IMPORT-This must be FIRM.  A firm import is required so that we provide the spinning reserves to California (we do this by buying firm energy for the import).  If the import is non-firm, California will charge us their price for spinning reserve margins.  This could easily be $400 per mw come this summer. EXPORT-This must be NON-FIRM.  A non-firm export allows us to provide spinning reserves to our bilat trading partners (or to simply sell the energy without spinning reserves as "non-firm"), and NOT have to pay the California price for spinning reserve margins.  Conversely if we do a firm export, we would have to pay for California to supply spinning reserves.  And because California will sometime use actual purchased energy for spinning reserves, this could easily be $400 per mw this summer. California has also proposed cutting firm exports this summer, so a "firm" export does not imply that the energy would actually be exported anymore than nonfirm. IF you have other questions.  Please let me know. Thanks, Bill 
12:35 PM --------------------------- Williams/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard Tomaski/Corp/Enron@Enron, James Simpson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kay Classen/NA/Enron@Enron 
How are you?  Hope everything is going well.  Did you receive my response to your last e-mail?  I wasn't sure if it transmitted or not.  Nothing new going on here.  I have a week of vacation scheduled for the week of October 16th. I really haven't made any plans, but maybe we'll go visit my family in Omaha.  It's really hard for me to plan, b/c I may have to work some of the week.  I'm not sure yet, so I hate to plan a vacation that may have to be interrupted. Church services were  really good this past sunday, Pastor preached a good sermon. Talk with you later 
03:13 PM --------------------------- "Bruce Kohrs" <Bruce_Kohrs@keyspancanada.com> on 04/03/2001 01:06:43 PM Brian_Houghton/CRESTAR1/Crestar_Energy%Exchange <Brian_Houghton@keyspancanada.com>, Michael_Kleiner/CRESTAR1/Crestar_Energy%Exchange <Michael_Kleiner@keyspancanada.com>, "Jim Pearson" <Jim_Pearson@keyspancanada.com>, williakh@bp.com Dan, Grant Oh suggested I e-mail you directly to notify you of a change that BP needs included. BP states they need to have the volumes/contract number information back from Enron via e-mail by 9:45am MST in order to place nominations by 10:30am MST for the Timely Cycle. If for whatever reason Enron cannot provide the volume/contract number information by 9:45am or Enron fails to take the scheduled volume agreed to at 9:00am; and BP incurs any penalty costs including the price difference between the Enron price and the replacement price, then Enron should be liable for these costs NOT Gulf. I suggest the following options: 1) Put back in the default contract number in the Enron/Crestar agreement as we had last week, this way if Enron fails to notify by 9:45am, then Crestar/BP can nominate to the default contract number and Enron can change the contract numbers internally. 2) Add a clause to either the Enron agreement or the Gulf assignment agreement to state if Enron fails to inform and/or take, then any penalty costs/price difference incurred by Crestar/BP shall be passed onto Enron. Please advise what Enron's position is and how we should proceed. Bruce Kohrs Phone: (403)205-7684 Fax: (403)266-1947 e-mail:bruce_kohrs@keyspancanada.com 
Hey Dexter, Here are your numbers!  Have a great weekend! 
We were thinking of having another interview session for the Trading Tract later this month.   I've been screening outside resumes but internally we haven't received many suggestions from each of you about other people already at Enron.  If you think anyone could qualify send the name to Karen Buckley. If we don't have enough candidates, we will wait until the new analysts and associates arrive and do a session then. Lavo 
"Libbi Lake" <llake@argolink.net> on 03/02/2001 02:03:53 PM "Brett Neal" <sneal12@mindspring.com>, "Brett Neal" <Scott.neal@enron.com>, "Colton Robey" <probey@energyUSA.com>, "Colton Robey" <probey1@aol.com>, "Connor Dougherty" <dbd@whplaw.com>, "Connor Dougherty" <doughertymd@aol.com>, "Eric Hurst" <beth.hurst@abnamro.com>, "Jane Evans" <JBEVANS123@aol.com>, "Jim West" <jwest@houston.rr.com>, "Michael Swearingin" <Elizabeth.O.Swearingin@WellsFargo.com>, "Steve Evans" <evanssk@aol.com>, "Will McCallum" <km@kjmccallum.com>, "William Crump" <prcrump@msn.com> Rockhounds & Parents, ? Looks like we'll be rained out this afternoon for batting cage  practice.? For tomorrow's practice we'll probably be unable to play on the  field due to standing water, or possibly continued rain, but, we will go ahead  and have a "skull" session at my house at 9:00am.? My address is 13611  Pinerock, just off of Yorkchester (between Wilchester and Kirkwood), 4 blocks  north of Memorial. ? The practice tomorrow will be 1 hour, from 9 till 10:00.?  See everyone then. ? Jeff 
kimberly, please take care of this. I keep getting "insufficient memory" messages on my computer.  And that's without running Dynegy Direct. The IT guy said I need one of the following 1.  New super duper computer 2.  More memory, my computer has 128meg of ram 3.  Run my applications on 2 cmputers like mine instead of one. 
<mrupe@cima-energy.com> on 11/13/2000 04:13:29 PM <lrichie@houston.camco.slb.com>, <marshall_heins@mhhs.org>, <thereesehouse@pdq.net>, <support@iteam.com>, <mbreakey@pmet.com>, <supermangene@AOL.com>, <makill33@aol.com>, <wjwstone@aol.com>, <rreichert@nfl2002.com>, <rreichert@nfl2002.com>, <mlrs@swbell.net>, <Agreggoftexas@aol.com>, <bushongsc@c-b.com>, <InfiniteCavalier@aol.com>, <markj@woodwardmarketing.com>, <crcolyer@aol.com>, <RMAGEE5809@AOL.COM>, <jack.calkins@compaq.com>, <vickie_anderson@huntsman.com>, <jennifer.bowman@marchfirst.com>, <jbdunbar1@aol.com>, <RWASBA@aol.com>, <sewbibbins@mailcity.com>, <hcchris@ibm.net>, <hcchris@ibm.net>, <RWASBA@aol.com>, <none@na.com>, <butch@watsonmoving.com>, <digiman28@aol.com>, <kay_mitchell@hotmail.com>, <DBennyDad@aol.com>, <robin99tim@yahoo.com>, <sneal@enron.com>, <GeorgeR@RangerAmericanSecurity>, <rkgbh@aol.com>, <KbutchW@aol.com>, <Catho928@aol.com>, <murphyg@mercersales.com>, <DBennyDad@aol.com>, <jdaghorn@aol.com>, <Mrreemus@aol.com>, <aharrison@aglife.com>, <peggy01@ev1.net>, <kingb@nuevoenergy.com>, <BBURGE@FLASH.NET>, <EGwydir@aol.com>, <tdpatton00@yahoo.com>, <willbaird@mindspring.com>, <jhorner@bracepatt.com>, <germex@aol.com>, <smr@pinnacletrust.com>, <carlosjoanie@pdq.net>, <shannonjeff@msn.com>, <jrobrien@bopc.com>, <dcelliott@ev1.net>, <ELawal@aol.com>, <michaelk@aztecpartyandtentrentals.com>, <jeb.bashaw@painewebber.com>, <JulSias@aol.com>, <willbaird@mindspring.com>, <KEENERGILL@AOL.COM>, <LHStubbs@aol.com>, <bwanger@gateway.net>, <burkett@petris.com>, <sclandry@prodigy.net>, <suprman@texas.net>, <mmartin@cmdrealty.com>, <mrupe@cima-energy.com>, <murphyg@mercersales.com>, <peterc@huddlestonco.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <mrupe@cima-energy.com>, <peterc@huddlestonco.com>, <stever@pdq.net>, <mdagreen@aol.com>, <Blakehoops@aol.com>, <BMD434@aol.com>, <KimMohajer@KamControls.com>, <none@na.com>, <dospradlin@aol.com>, <bhamilton@lockeliddell.com>, <Hewing10902@aol.com>, <hoodmaster@aol.com>, <jeffevans1@msn.com>, <skerns@annuitybiz.com>, <mbaker@wilsonline.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <fishndude09@aol.com>, <Pthompson@ascensioncapital.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <TlsHou@aol.com>, <supoprt@iteam.com>, <jcolla@aol.com>, <Wkb1100@aol.com>, <pdh@hia.net>, <rmkrugerhou@msn.com>, <bpace@winstead.com>, <Madmaxcy85@aol.com>, <ssaks@aol.com>, <aquaedge@e-machines.net>, <scotmayo@flash.net>, <propbabs@aol.com>, <rallen@aol.com>, <GPipkin@Lehman.com>, <kajhou@yahoo.com>, <ElizStein2@aol.com>, <john.abercrombie@worldnet.att>, <wizard89@netzero.net>, <jdsullins@yahoo.com>, <ninatex@aol.com>, <marctronzo@yahoo.com>, <delanybm@prodigy.net>, <kdharvey@hotmail.com>, <MPMTAZ007@aol.com>, <eseaback@houston.auanet.org>, <ssaks@aol.com>, <pp59@aol.com>, <annec@netropolis.net>, <TTCRB@aol.com>, <mikestoneatty@hotmail.com>, <bmccallum@energygraphics.com>, <beck411@aol.com>, <jwfokrodef@aol.com>, <ctnb4@aol.com>, <xdirterx@aol.com>, <bsmith468@aol.com>, <rainbow-star@msn.com>, <evjay89@aol.com>, <siminv@aol.com>, <GRvanW@aol.com>, <lod4@texas.net>, <Lou-Jen@Prodigy.net>, <rprice@dainrauscher.com>, <hookem2008@aol.com>, <dnyberg@tesoropetroleum.com>, <mikestoneatty@hotmail.com>, <twhskateboard@hotmail.com>, <treybert27@aol.com>, <vipertmh@hotmail.com>, <simmons9@aol.com>, <boys2spare@aol.com>, <zbuschlen@aol.com>, <jclinch@tricresources.com>, <archie3up@aol.com>, <none@na.com>, <ACB486@aol.com>, <dospradlin@aol.com>, <dleff@enron.com>, <cjones@hvllc.com>, <Tzay418@cs.com>, <bobparkey@aol.com>, <goucher75@aol.com>, <none@na.com>, <cnl930@aol.com>, <KarynClinch@sprintmail.com>, <jclinch@tricresources.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <JANDRAS@EPROD.COM>, <randyod@texas.net>, <Matt2304@aol.com>, <mekuebler@aol.com>, <raye@ev1.net>, <swoosh1220@aol.com>, <sr3389@aol.com>, <russltl@aol.com>, <don@mesadrilling.com>, <BBock88@aol.com>, <Brian-D-Shannon@worldnet.att.n>, <rtr@busext.com>, <EARNIE214@AL.COM>, <stcyr@lcc.net>, <ichain@omni-inter.com>, <briantwister@aol.com>, <jnash@corestaff.com>, <sheryllochridge@aol.com>, <howsejm@sprintmail.com>, <addiej@pdq.net>, <wwlantzii@yahoo.com>, <ldeayala@msn.com>, <none@na.com>, <robb@dockwiseusa.com>, <jpresley@hrhhou.com>, <alsnwdrlnd@earthlink.net>, <nagesh@dialaccess.com>, <daythings@aol.com>, <leonj@dishongh.com>, <JeffKCRX@aol.com>, <ALT13711@AOL.COM>, <jcarlton@pdq.net>, <carteraj@aol.com>, <leonj@dishongh.com>, <bluedevil2007@aol.com>, <www.cmgmee@aol.com>, <elliotg11@aol.com>, <dwarming@aol.com>, <robert_duncan@transwester.net>, <pediamusic@aol.com>, <rbenjamin@globalhou.com>, <JOEYD8907@aol.com>, <pjmcclellandds@hotmail.com>, <JSCrow2001@aol.com>, <fraffaldi@shellus.com>, <Jmmills88@aol.com>, <mark@gaarchitects.com>, <mclbs@hotmail.com>, <none@na.com>, <will1624@aol.com>, <dcheese3@msn.com>, <txam@flash.net>, <jimmy.daggett@st-systems.com>, <rfrimm@sleh.com>, <akaee401@netzero.net>, <BigDog4414@cs.com>, <gaw26@aol.com>, <lisas@academicplanet.com>, <dcheese3@msn.com>, <rbeutelschies@trmoore.com>, <wgbowers@pdq.net>, <mikek@wisenbaker.com>, <young.keith.r067@sysco.com>, <mashelltx@aol.com>, <gmmoll@net.com>, <mike88@ev1.net>, <charles.swanson@ey.com>, <rg131011@hotmail.com>, <Firstbaseking007@aol.com>, <three12161@aol.com>, <pam_swanson56@hotmail.com>, <bobo785@hotmail.com>, <ABCBigdog@Yahoo.com>, <none@na.com>, <cipra3@aol.com>, <kpleasant@aol.com>, <vfhoust@swbell.net>, <supply@pminet.com>, <none@na.com>, <bconnaught@aol.com>, <hardyboyz@ev1.net>, <bkinser@ev1.net>, <Support@iTeam.com>, <delance@ev1.net>, <pdt@wt.net>, <david.gray@halliburton.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <support@iteam.com>, <earthphoto@msn.com>, <Support@iTeam.com>, <cpluta@camdeninc.com>, <none@na.com>, <murphyg@mercersales.com>, <wgraham@UNIVISION.net>, <JayCFirst@aol.com>, <JKAJANDER@PDQ.NET>, <badbro2000@aol.com>, <jmsco@swbell.net>, <jramseyrammer@aol.com>, <momkamz@aol.com>, <davisl@tklaw.com>, <DubS@aol.com>, <wittenmy@flash.net>, <jahensley@ev1.net>, <Marianreed@hotmail.com>, <michaels_hou@yahoo.com>, <AttorneyFlanagan@aol.com>, <japaking@netzero.net>, <rogstratman@aol.com>, <murphyg@mercersales.com>, <maryhomebodyy@aol.com>, <tmsmith40@ev1.net>, <prcrump@email.msn.com>, <bassman@texas.net>, <tmohle@mohlesharp.com>, <sjvaughn@hotmail.com>, <omercody@hotmail.com>, <David.Purcell@gte.net>, <none@na.com>, <dbuza12591@aol.com>, <jbuc@mcgriffhou.com>, <sjvaughn@hotmail.com>, <Bazzzor@aol.com>, <KAINEREXPORT@AOL.COM>, <mdeska@swbell.net>, <eddiem@netedgesolutions.com>, <eddiem@netedgesolutions.com>, <JMBlair@MarathonOil.com>, <jerry.n@agchouston.org>, <abass1204@aol.com>, <csfowler@cmsenergy.com>, <walker@fsmail.com>, <bwhitten@pdq.net>, <WILLIAM@FSMAIL.COM> There has been a schedule change for this weekends Tully Championships. The tackle championships will be played on Sunday November 19th at Tully Stadium.  The schedule is as follows: 2:00 PM  Freshmen  (Mustangs Vs. Wildcats) 3:30 PM  JV  (Mules Vs. Spartans) 5:00 PM  Varsity  (Titans Vs. Raiders) Please come out and support the remaining teams in there quest for the championship! 
What is the toping of this meeting? Chairperson: Richard Burchfield Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti Start: 10/04/2000 03:00 PM End: 10/04/2000 05:00 PM Description: Gas Physical/Financial Meeting in room 2556 This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). Meeting Dates: Russ Severson/HOU/ECT Scott Mills/HOU/ECT Allan Severude/HOU/ECT Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT Scott Neal/HOU/ECT Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT Kenny Ha/HOU/ECT Detailed description: 
Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON Need to buff up on your Enron North America knowledge? Join us 8:30 to 12:30 in EB 552 The ENA Orientation will provide a brief but concise overview of the business.  Learn how a deal flows through the departments, areas of contribution, and their impact on ENA's business.  Key players include: Dave Delainey- President and CEO, ENA Trading Origination Structuring Business Analysis and Reporting Don't hesitate in signing up as space is limited and you won't want to miss out.  For enrollment click here ( ) to go directly to the Development Center or call (713)853-0357. 
US Govt. data - of a 0.6% rise and matching the revised May figure. Retailers saw the biggest increase; their inventories rose 1.2% in June. Total business sales were also up 0.9% in June, a slightly weaker showing than the revised 1.1% rise posted in May. The inventory-to-sales ratio--the number of months it would take to empty the nation's warehouses, store shelves, and sales lots at the current rate of sales--remained at 1.32, just off its all-time low. In a separate report, the Fed said industrial production rose 0.4% in July, double the pace in June. Industrial production, which measures output at U.S. factories, utilities, and mines, is now 5.8% stronger than it was this time last year, due mainly to continued growth in high-tech manufacturing. > 
that is the correct address.  I will complete and return the evaluation in the next few days.  thank you for your help. <june.bood@us.pwcglobal.com> on 06/20/2000 10:13:04 AM Mr. Neal, Your return is complete and ready for mailing.  Please confirm that I am to use the following address: 13603 Pebblebrook Houston, TX 77079 I have also included a copy of the electronic version of our evaluation for your convenience.  I would appreciate your completing and returning according to the instructions listed on the form.  It has been a pleasure working with you this year.  Let me know if I can be of further assistance. Best regards, June (See attached file: ENRON.xls) The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.   If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
I would like to set up a time when the three of us can meet to discuss my mid-year review.  I was told by HR that I was to initiate the dialogue and get the process rolling.  Let me know when you will be available.  I would like to meet sometime within the next two weeks. Thanks, Rob Brown Associate Enron Broadband Services Office: 713.853.9702 Cell: 713.303.4497 mailto:rob_brown@enron.net 
Sent: Friday, May 11, 2001 7:38 AM Donohoe, Tom; Stevens, Kelli; Mims, Patrice L.; Williams, Jason You Something.htm 
Kam, last year when this deal was set up, I set up deal tickets extending into the future for 5 years (I would have extended it all the way to 2010 but the Risk people back then asked me not to).  I have a new ticket for each season since the volumes at each primary point and fuel change over the years and by season.  Extending Sitara 217969 through is going to be doubling volumes for one and secondly, it won't reflect the correct primary points for each season.  I would really like to be consulted about these kind of changes before they are made and maybe we and Scott Neal could sit down and figure out a better way to keep up with the value.  I'll run some facilitation reports and see if this has caused us any trouble that we may need to fix. Thanks, Sabra Sent: Thursday, May 10, 2001 12:08 PM Sabra, I have extended the current FP&L sitara #217969 to the end of the deal (2/2010). Keeping the same deal # helps us keep up with the value. I set it up with the volumes we booked in TAGG, I know the volumes and locations will change but if you could send me and Yuan an e-mail when you have made your change during bid week we will make the changes to the hedge deal. Thanks, Kam ps.  Scott, you will not see any problems with this deal in the future. Sorry for the trouble. 
Gerald, Can you help me out on this?  I'll call you. Thanks, Chris PM --------------------------- Stephanie Miller@ENRON 08/08/2000 09:49 AM Have you  been able to locate this information - If not, is there someone else I can call? Thanks, Stephanie 10:42 AM --------------------------- Stephanie Miller 08/03/2000 11:51 AM Chris - As we discussed in today's meeting, can you please forward to me and Matt a copy of the ENA "pro forma" firm sales agreement that we would use for the type of sale discussed below.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Many thanks, Stephanie 12:43 PM --------------------------- Matthew Duffy 08/02/2000 10:37 AM Stephanie, I just want to follow up on the fuel supply discussion we had for FAPSA (the paper plant in Mexicali). I would like to recover the cost of the gas pipeline, which I'm including in the capital costs of the plant, through a fuel supply agreement that we can mark to market. The ideal terms would be for 20 years, an Index price plus SoCal transport price, plus $0.22 / MMBtu to Enron project company for an amount of approximately 3000MMBtu / day. I look forward to receiving a draft copy of a standard fuel supply agreement so I can familiarize myself with standard market LD terminology. Thanks, Matt 
Last set!  I do have a couple of more rolls to develop.  Those I think are of Cabo Wabo so there should be some good ones. I will send them on just as soon as I get them back. Take care and have a great weekend! Dee >>> <Gerald.Nemec@enron.com> 09/26/00 01:27PM >>> Hi Dee, I am really sorry to hear about your brother's child.  I hope everything with you and your family is as well as it can be right now.  I will say a prayer for yall. I am doing good.  Staying busy with work as you suggested.  Actually we closed our big deal last Thursday.  That will allow my hours to become somewhat more normal in the near future.  They are planning a trip to reward those who worked so hard on this deal.  Guess where? Cabo. Went to Austin this past weekend to watch my beloved Longhorns play.  They won, fortunately.  It was good to see some old friends and hang out.   I wouldn't mind moving back to Austin, but the jobs there just don't pay as much as in Houston.  Everyone wants to stay in Austin after school, so they can lowball you on the cash. Looking forward to the pictures.  Need to refresh my memory of Cabo.  Take care and talk to you later. Hi Gerald, I am still here!  Sorry for not getting back to you sooner.....  My brother's baby passed away from SID's the week I got back from Cabo and so we have been dealing with the funeral and all of the emotions that go with losing someone.  I think the whole ordeal is harder when it is a baby.... So needless to say I have been out of the office way too much and I am so very much behind! Good news!  I have some pictures that I will be sending to you next week! That way you will not be able to forget what I look like.... I keep forgetting them in my truck but I will make it a priority to send them to you by Tues. How is everything going for you?  Keeping busy with work and hopefully your social life?  I think that you are the type that works way too many hours!! I am sure that one day you will balance everything out... Well it has been a full day ( I know it is only 3:00... ) and it is also Friday so I am going to call it good and go home, take a nap and get up in a couple of hours and head down to Seattle with Julie and Angie... Have a great weekend and I will talk to you Tuesday! Take Care, Dee >>> <Gerald.Nemec@enron.com> 09/20/00 11:35AM >>> Are you still out there?  Sent you an email last week but didn't hear from you.  Just checking to see if you are still in Seattle or if you moved down to Cabo for good. 
I spoke with Bob Mustard with Tom Brown today and he stated that they were meeting again today and really felt like they would have the transaction completed today.  I know we have heard this before, but it does seem like it will be any day now.  I will keep you informed as I get more information. Mark 
Michael, I've attached the password application and Online User Agreement in order f= or=20 you to place these finalized versions on the website. =20 One question/clarification:  You refer to an on-line registration form in= =20 your previous e-mail and in the HIWAY Promotion Letter, I assume you are=20 referring to the Password Application? =20 Gerald is checking on the trademark/name availability for Information HIWAY= ,=20 and will get back to you shortly. Also, Gerald and I would like to sit down with you sometime early next week= =20 and have you demo the website for us before it goes live; are you available= ? =20 Thanks, Eric Gillaspie 713-345-7667 Enron Building 3886 =09Michael Eiben =0912/05/2000 02:31 PM =09=09 =09=09 To: Eric Gillaspie/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: Re: Legal And Privacy Information.htm looks fine with me.  is the next step placing the finalized versions of the= =20 HPL Online registration & OUA out to the web site?  we also plan to mail a= =20 letter to our customers along with inserting these documents.  the letter i= s=20 attached. =20 mve Eric Gillaspie 12/05/2000 01:55 PM Michael, Attached for your review and comment is the updated draft incorporating=20 certain copyright and contractual relationship language.  The new sections= =20 that were added are Section 1(c) and Section 4.  If you have any questions = or=20 comments please give me a call. Thanks, Eric Gillaspie 713-345-7667 Enron Building 3886 =09Michael Eiben =0912/04/2000 04:11 PM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eric Gillaspie/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: Legal And Privacy Information.htm we are trying to finalize this section.  could you guys give us your input? thanks,    mve 08=20 PM --------------------------- meiben@ect.enron.com on 11/30/2000 04:21:03 PM Please respond to meiben@ect.enron.com LEGAL AND PRIVACY INFORMATION 1. All information and material including images, text and audio on this=20 website is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its subsidiaries (and/or its = or=20 its subsidiaries' licensors) (collectively "Enron") and is subject to=20 copyright.Trading Innovation, Endless possibilities, Enron.com, Enron, Enro= n=20 & design, Enron Corp., Enron Corp. & design, Enron with fanciful E, Enron= =20 with fanciful E (color), are all trademarks owned by Enron Corp. All other= =20 trade marks on this website are the property of their respective owners. Yo= u=20 are entitled to view, copy and print any documents from this website but on= ly=20 for your own internal business purposes. Any sale, transmission or=20 redistribution of this website or its content, and any copying, modificatio= n=20 or other use of this website or its content for any purposes other than you= r=20 own internal business purposes, are strictly prohibited.=20 2. This website is provided solely for information purposes and, with the= =20 exception of this "Legal and Privacy" statement, is not intended to, and=20 shall not, constitute any offer or acceptance with respect to any=20 transactions or other matters. This website shall not create any legal=20 relationship between you and Enron, unless you have signed a Password=20 Application, in which case the Online User Agreement and all terms and=20 conditions referred to therein shall govern your access and utilization of= =20 this website. Copies of the Online User Agreement may be obtained through t= he=20 "Registration" Section on this website. This website is intended only for= =20 commercial enterprises in certain specified jurisdictions. =20 3. This website and the information and material which it contains are=20 subject to change at any time by Enron without notice and Enron reserves th= e=20 right to suspend, terminate or restrict your access to or use of this=20 website. All warranties, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy or= =20 completeness of the information contained on this website or in respect of= =20 any materials or products referred to on this website are hereby excluded t= o=20 the extent permitted by law.=20 NETSCAPE NETCENTER=09spacer=09??Search??-??WebMail??-??My Netscape??-??Budd= y Chat??-??Help ??-??Download?? =09=09spacer Check out our advertiser! Click here. =09[IMAGE]Home > ?Netscape?Search=09=09?[IMAGE] [IMAGE]=09Search Results=09 =09=09 =09=09=0F- Search Categories =0F-Arts & EntertainmentBusinessComputing &=20 InternetGamesHealthHome &=20 FamilyNetscapeNewsRecreationReferenceRegionalScience &=20 TechnologyShoppingSociety & LifestylesSportsWorld =09=09=09[IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE]=09 =09 =09 =09 =09 =09 =09 =09 =09Search Here: =09[IMAGE] =09amazon.com =09 legal and... =09Buy Books Here =09Holiday Shopping=20 =09 =09 =09 =09[IMAGE] =09 =09Click here! =09 =09? =09 =09[IMAGE] =09Specialized Searches =09Yellow Pages =09People Finder =09Maps and Directions =09Product Search =09Decision Guides =09Local Information =09International Search =09 =09 =09 =09[IMAGE] =09Search again for =09'  legal and...  ' using=20 =09Google =09 =09 =09[IMAGE] =09Learn More =09Search directly from your browser. =09Internet Keywords =09Netscape Search =09Affiliate Program =09Frequent Questions =09Tips on Searching =09 =09 =09[IMAGE] =09 Get Involved =09Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web. =09Become an Editor =09Suggest a Site =09Give Feedback=20 =09 =09Get the latest =09Communicator. =09  [IMAGE] =09 =09 =09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09Search Results for ' legal and privacy page=20 =09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] =09=09=09=09=09Reviewed Web Sites=20 =09=09=09=09=09Web sites reviewed and categorized by a team of editors. =09=09=09=09=091 - 1 ?of ? 1=20 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 CPierson's Cyberlaw Page=20 =09=09=09=09=09Links to cases, statutes, and legal information relating to = the Internet,=20 including First Amendment, intellectual property, privacy, commerce, and=20 crime.=20 =09=09=09=09=09http://www.cpierson.com/ =09=09=09=09=09found in:? Society > Law > Legal Information > Computer and = Technology Law=20 ?>? Legal Links=20 =09=09=09=09=09? =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 Search for 'legal and privacy page' with these other search= =09=09=09=09=09AltaVista |  AskJeeves | Excite | GoTo |  HotBot | LookSmart= =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] =09=09=09=09=09??Search Again or Ask a Question =09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] =09=09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09??? =09=09=09=09=09=09[IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE]=09??Netcenter Help??-??Site Map??-??Advertise with Us??-??What's=20 New??-??What's Cool =09[IMAGE] =09=09[IMAGE] Check out our advertiser! Click here.=20 ,?2000 Netscape. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy 
Attached is a redlined Assignment and Contribution Agreement with changes requested by Bracewell & Patterson.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Jim, The document with the requested changes. Thanks, Eric Gillaspie 713-345-7667 Enron Building 3886 
Gerald, Would you please have a look at this term sheet. 
Tyrell,  Not sure if you sent this out yet, but if you didn't;  In the disclaimer section - the second sentence refers to "Buyer".  This needs to be changed to Enron North America Corp. Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT Tyrell Harrison 303 575 6478 
gerald, here is my first pass at the changes with specific wording to be given back to Universal.  I didn't do any words on Section 15 - thought you might look at one more time and suggest the words.  Also, I did change the 13.f (4) provision some - didn't like theirs at all. Let's discuss as soon as possible. Ken 
Stephanie, We will receive the signed copy of Gas Natural Mexico today, I''ll let you know as soon as I receive it. Also we need to send them executables copies for Comercializadora Metrogas, they only have now a draft, but they can sign it very fast because it is alrready aproved by they attorneys. Paul Radous will prepare a credit worksheet for the new company, Gas Natural Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Regards, Agustin Perez Agustin, Wanted to check on the status of the Agreements in your below email from Dec. 22. Thanks, Stephanie Stephanie Panus/NA/Enron@Enron, Jaime Williams, Agustin Perez Good News, The ISDA has been approved and will be signed when the CEO return from holydays (Jan 8). They will sign the 2 ISDA's we sent for Gas Natural Mexico and Comercializadora Metrogas, and also want to sign another for Gas Natural Servicios. They will send me the corporate documents for this company, I will forward them as soon as I receive them. Paul, please tell us if we can use the same format of ISDA as in Comercializadora Metrogas, they are going to provide the same guaranty from Gas Natural Mexico. Regards, Agustin Perez 
Hi Stephanie, The counterparty is Harrah's Operating Company, Inc. (Rated BBB-) and they are domesticly based.  They would be buying a 2 year plain-vanilla fixed price swap (the volume is small; 10,000 MMBtu/month).  I understand ENA would prepare & send-out the confirm. Thanks! Ken Stephanie Panus@ENRON 01/29/2001 11:58 AM Ken, Are they looking for  a "sample" confirmation to see what it will look like? In speaking with Brent Hendry, an attorney in our group, we need to know more information about this counterparty and the type of trades they will be doing before sending out anything.  Our forms vary depending on the type of counterparty and trade being done, and may look different depending on credit terms.  Also, if the trade is going to be done in the name of ENA, then ENA needs to prepare and send out the confirmation. Can you send us what information you have on the counterparty/trade?  If you have any questions, please contact myself or Brent Hendry. Thanks. Ken Rubeli@EES 01/29/2001 11:40 AM Stephanie, As discussed, please send a copy of ENA's standard long-form swap confirmation.  We have a customer who is potentially going to trade with ENA and they'd like to review the confirm as soon as possible. Thanks for your help. Ken Rubeli 
Looks good, Stacy.  Thanks for your help. Susan 
Thanks for the update. Susan Stevens_Hollister@eott.com on 10/03/2000 01:14:44 PM Susan, Harvey Petter is keeping in contact with the dispatcher, but I want you to know that the plant will not be up until at least next week. Stevens 
This will serve as my confirmation. "Dictionary.com Word of the Day Confirmation from Lyris ListManager" <lyris-confirm-301289Q@lists.lexico.com> on 05/10/2001 03:51:59 PM Please respond to "Dictionary.com Word of the Day Confirmation from Lyris ListManager" <lyris-confirm-301289Q@lists.lexico.com> Day Welcome! Your confirmation is needed for your subscription to the Dictionary.com Word of the Day mailing list. automated service will add your address to our list. 
HI Susan, ??? How have you been?? I  just got the final prices for your Foz trip.? It's R$2,370.70 total and  with today's exchange it's around US$1,077.59.?? I just wanted to  confirm this is still a YES before I pay today.? This price includes: flight from Rio to Igua?u flight from Igua?u to SP transfers to and from airport 2 nights stay breakfast both mornings english speaking guide for both  days tour of falls on both sides Brasil and  Argentina boat tour at bottom of falls tour of the bird aviary I'll wait to hear from  you.....Jan 
We ordered a computer, printer, scanner, etc.  We just returned the printer. Susan Pereira ClickAtHome@ENRON 04/06/2001 04:10 PM Sent by: Clickathome@ENRON You did not order a computer? Susan W Pereira@ECT 04/06/2001 02:02 PM We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home.  We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome. Susan Pereira ClickAtHome@ENRON 03/28/2001 06:34 PM Sent by: Clickathome@ENRON Dear ClickAtHome Participant, The ClickAtHome Team has received an invoice for the Enron subsidized portion of your ClickAtHome Computer.  This email is to verify that you have received your Dell PC successfully.  If so, you can disregard this message and enjoy your computer. If you have not received your PC, or you returned it and have chosen to not participate in the ClickAtHome program, PLEASE reply to this email or email the ClickAtHome Team at clickathome@enron.com to notify us of this billing error. Thank you, ClickAtHome Team! 
Hi, Jan.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman has updated us on your mother's condition.  I know it must be stressful, especially from long distance.  Kali liked her birthday gifts.  Believe it or not, we didn't already have the World Pup movie. We had rented it back in February and the kids liked it. I'm not sure if you got my last email before we left on vacation, but I was wondering what your travel schedule was in June.  When will you be arriving, when will you be returning (Kali has warmed up to the idea of travelling without us on the plane), etc.  The earliest we could leave for Brazil would be the evening of Friday, July 6.  We would probably need to return to Houston by July 14.  Let me know how that sounds.  Also, if we need to reschedule for another time until you get things straight for your mother, let me know.  That's certainly more important. Talk to you soon..... Susan 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron.com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 
Can  I have a copy of contract # 96013277, this is a GISB. Thanks! Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 
Attached is the resume for Ms. Granado Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron.com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22STEPHANIE+20GRANADO+22+20+3Csgranado+40gardere+2Ecom+3E+ 40ENRON@ENRON.com] Sent: Tuesday, May 15, 2001 10:58 AM THANKS! I'll treat you to lunch one day......... 
The following is the understanding I have with Chris Calger regarding Scott Healy's involvement in East Power initiatives: Since Auburndale is effectively dead, Scott will no longer be involved on this project. Scott will support the Haywood, Georgia, & Calvert City development site sales through Q1 2001, with East Power getting 100% of the P&L value and Scott Healy getting personal performance credit.   If Ben elects to continue to use Scott's services beyond Q1 2001, a value sharing agreement between Ben, Calger and myself will have to be agreed upon. Jeff Ader will make a decision (after consultation with me) as to Scott's continued involvement on the fuel cell tax monetization and Dighton restructuring project.   If Jeff makes the decision that Scott needs to remain actively involved in order to close the transaction, a value sharing agreement will be made between Jeff, Calger, and myself.    The value allocation % will be agreed upon upfront within the next week.   If a fair value sharing agreement cannot be reached, Jeff will transition responsibility to another member of his origination team. Chris - Do you agree with the above description? 
Here is the information I sent to Karen Buckley on Kevin's preferences for the new analyst and associates starting in August.  Kevin's group has also identified several summer interns that they would be interested in as well. I will forward the names of those indiduals to you as soon as possible. Karen, please provide Louise and John with copies of the resumes Kevin's group selected for the summer interns.  Please feel free to contact me should you have additional questions. Sent: Monday, April  23, 2001 1:45 PM Here is the rank ordering of Presto 's  August AA picks: D. Dupre M Taylor W. IZ S. Pan A. Ahmed E. Anderson 7-11 Z. Costello A. Day G. Giron M. Marquez S. Dicke 12-21 W. Freije W. Gurrola S. Hermani D. Jenkins T. Lindvall T. Lowell M. Philippov R. Williams S. Yaman J. Young 
I sent this info as discussed to Karen last week who prepared spreadsheet for Lavo.  I think the question now is how many and what will be the placement. I also have identified several needs for Summer Interns in Fundamentals and Realtime.  Lloyd Will went through the resume book to pick summer interns for Fundamentals (provided you concur)  and the plan was to have Rika use them for analytical work during the summer backfilling them with Strong AA's from the Fall group if needed.  Juan Hernandez called me regarding adding a summer intern or two for the nightshift for confirmations etc. Just to let you know, I developed a spreadsheet with the help of Lloyd and Tom May outlining the entire Power team to track all our openings and help us orchestrate the movement of employees through power so the groups won't struggle with being short. This also will help all of our recruiters Johnny, Charles, Karen Buckley and the program folks stay focused on our needs. Sent: Thursday, May  3, 2001 2:44 PM I would like 6 Analysts and 4 Associates.   I provided my top 20 wish list to Lavo last week. Thanks. 
Detailed below are the project teams identified in yesterday's meeting.  We would like to run these by Greg asap to begin pulling them together and wanted to run this current list by each of you.  We specifically wanted to make sure that you felt we would only be requiring Greg to go get Deirdre, Heather, Jim and Kristen from other business units. Please let us know by the end of today if you have any additions or deletions to this list. Thanks Wade 
Since I did not get a chance to meet with you yesterday, I would like to lay out a few thoughts in this email: 1. Additional areas that might require immediate attention: ? Consider existing "Bets" and large positions already in the books and ways of adjusting these bets, if necessary (excluding CA): others) ? Quick handle on option positions: do we need to switch customers in some areas? what options we ought to exercise tomorrow? next week? etc. ? Managing value from restructuring legacy deals: in the process of reviewing the 13 deals, we discovered some provisions in the contracts that were not captured and managed properly - they might require immediate attention to minimize losses in these deals. 2. Managing Regulatory Exposure ? Approximately 80% of EES regulatory exposure is behind 40 utilities ? In the process of rate case decomposition, we need to identify the main components of each rate structure - create a rate case formula ? These components will fall into two categories: hedgeable (gas, coal, heating oil fuel costs, inflation, etc.) and "unhedgeable" (CTC timing, standard offer, etc.) Strategy: Manage within the respective commodity books   Capitalize on portfolio diversification across the country Pricing:  You know best       Risk-based: higher premiums for greater uncertainty Policy:  Internal authorizations only on who, how and when to hedge Develop a limit framework and propose a limit to the BOD Exposure: Existing VaR model will suffice     Develop and implement stress scenarios to quantify exposure 3. Other Considerations ? Curve management: clear responsibilities, periodic review and validation ? Interaction with the EAM world: EAM projects create long positions, pricing bundled deals with an EAM component ? Flash-to-actual catch up: liquidations validate curve assumptions ? Attention to EES-Canada: currently executed a power deal and a few gas deals ? Process for pricing smaller mid-market deals: sacrificing quantity for quality - force originators to develop standard deal structures I could elaborate further on these points. Vlady. 
Here is your HR/SAP/Personal Number: P00503900. Thanks Tjae 
good luck ! keep in touch... 
QUENET, JOSEPH A, ? You have been selected to participate in the Mid Year 2001 Performance Management process.  Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals. ? select Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.  You may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by Friday, May 25, 2001. ? If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at: Houston:  1.713.853.4777, Option 4 or email: perfmgmt@enron.com London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4 or email: pep.enquiries@enron.com ? Thank you for your participation in this important process. ? The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a status of "OPEN."  Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list.  NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER. ? Employee Name: MISRA, NARSIMHA 
PM --------------------------- Pereira/HOU/ECT@ECT PM --------------------------- "David Kaiser" <davidk@spawglass.com> on 10/17/2000 08:21:23 AM Sent: Friday, October 13, 2000 2:28 PM > Just  a thought to cheer you up after hauling around all those plans. > > Heidi Jo Warnick > Estimating Secretary > SpawGlass Contractors, Inc. > 
Greg, deal.  When this was rebooked in 1998, Elsa Piekielniak would not sign off on it unless there was a plant prudency incase the plant went down for force majeure or maintenance.  This was $1,200,000. Per the worksheet I have mailed to you, it shows thawt $1,200,000 was set aside in schedule c. around?  The reason I am asking is because the plant has gone down this year. 
PM --------------------------- Craig Taylor 05/16/2001 08:18 AM AM --------------------------- Craig Taylor 05/14/2001 10:27 AM AM --------------------------- Thought you would get a "kick" out of this Sent: Friday, May 11, 2001 8:34 AM Becky; Quezada, Daniel; Hernandez, Jesus A; Panos, Jason; Wallis, Janet H. 
PM --------------------------- A woman went to a pet shop and immediately spotted a large beautiful = parrot. There was a sign on the cage that said $50.00. "Why so little," = she asked the pet store owner.=20 The owner looked at her and said, "Look, I should tell you first that = this bird used to live in a house of prostitution, and sometimes it says = some pretty vulgar stuff."=20 The woman thought about this, but decided she had to have the bird = anyway. She took it home and hung the bird's cage up in her living room = and waited for it to say something. The bird looked around the room, = then at her, and said, "New house, new madam."=20 The woman was a bit shocked at the implication, but then thought "that's = not so bad."  When her two teenage daughters returned from school the = bird saw them and said, "New house, new madam, new girls."=20 The girls and the woman were a bit offended but then began to laugh = about the situation. Moments later, the woman's husband, Keith, came = home from work.=20 The bird looked at him and said, "Hi Keith." 
PM --------------------------- 
PM --------------------------- Muhl/Corp/Enron@ENROn, Andrea Ring/HOU/ECT@ECT Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss PSEG, Intra Day Option. The meeting will be on Monday, December 18 @ 4:00 PM in conference room EB 3243b. 
PM --------------------------- this is cute. 
PM --------------------------- Susan W Pereira 11/16/2000 08:10 AM 08:05 AM --------------------------- Scott Hendrickson 11/15/2000 12:31 PM 12:19 PM --------------------------- Dick Jenkins 11/15/2000 11:58 AM AM --------------------------- PM --------------------------- Mike Grigsby 11/13/2000 02:27 PM PM --------------------------- 01:39 PM --------------------------- PM --------------------------- Charles H Otto 11/13/2000 01:03 PM 02:01 PM --------------------------- Chris Gaskill@ENRON 11/13/2000 12:35 PM 12:35 PM --------------------------- Marc Bir <marc@delphihome.com> on 11/13/2000 12:29:45 PM ><http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html >http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html 
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 1/31/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 1/31/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 1/31/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 117,556 1/31/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 176,812 1/31/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 259,508 
I'll wait.  Just let me know when you finish.  I'm in no hurry so take your time. 
I'm replying right now just be patient. "Gabriel Monroy" <gabriel_monroy@hotmail.com> on 12/29/2000 01:47:55 PM Te mande un mensaje a tu cuenta de Hotmail. If you don't understand, I am sure you can figure it out. Te quiero Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
Attached is the updated Excel Add-In.  I've also included a workbook with the named range and sheet names to use as well as buttons you can copy and paste to your worksheets. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Vern Vallejo Manager Corporate Applications Development Enron Net Works 713.853.4752 
10:00 AM --------------------------- "Becky Barge" <usbsb@ltadm.latech.edu> on 11/10/2000 09:16:15 AM "Annese" <BaumSpence@aol.com>, "Robin Rodrigue" <rrodri2@ect.enron.com>, "dianne" <usgdj@latech.edu> Thought ya'll would like this.... Couldn't resist sending this!!!!!!!!!!! Sandy Hopefully no food list will be unhappy with this A CHANGE IN PLANS Martha Stewart will not be dining with us this Thanksgiving. I'm telling you in advance, so don't act surprised. Since Ms. Stewart won't be coming, I've made a few small changes: Our sidewalk will not be lined with homemade, paper bag luminaries. After a trial run, it was decided that no matter how cleverly done, rows of flaming lunch sacks do not have the desired welcoming effect. The dining table will not be covered with expensive linens, fancy china or crystal goblets. If possible, we will use dishes that match and everyone will get a fork. Since this IS Thanksgiving, we will refrain from using the plastic Peter Rabbit plate and the Santa napkins from last Christmas. Our centerpiece will not be the tower of fresh fruit and flowers that I promised. Instead we will be displaying a hedgehog-like decoration hand-crafted from the finest construction paper. The artist assures me it is a turkey. We will be dining fashionably late. The children will entertain you while you wait. I'm sure they will be happy to share every choice comment I have made regarding Thanksgiving, pilgrims and the turkey hotline. Please remember that most of these comments were made at 5:00 AM upon discovering that the turkey was still hard enough to cut diamonds. As accompaniment to the children's recital, I will play a recording of tribal drumming. If the children should mention that I don't own a recording of tribal drumming, or that tribal drumming sounds suspiciously like a frozen turkey in a clothes dryer, ignore them. They are lying. We toyed with the idea of ringing a dainty silver bell to announce the start of our feast. In the end, we chose to keep our traditional method. We've also decided against a formal seating arrangement. When the smoke alarm sounds, please gather around the table and sit where you like. In the spirit of harmony, we will ask the children to sit at a separate table. In a separate room. Next door. Now I know you have all seen pictures of one person carving a turkey in front of a crowd of appreciative onlookers. This will not be happening at our dinner. For safety reasons, the turkey will be carved in a private ceremony. I stress "private" meaning: Do not, under any circumstances, enter the kitchen to laugh at me. Do not send small, unsuspecting children to check on my progress. I have an electric knife. The turkey is unarmed. It stands to reason that I will eventually win. When I do, we will eat. Before I forget, there is one last change. Instead of offering a choice between 12 different scrumptious desserts, we will be serving the traditional pumpkin pie, garnished with whipped cream and small fingerprints. You will still have a choice: take it or leave it. Martha Stewart will not be dining with us this Thanksgiving. She probably won't come next year either. I am thankful. Source: "Today's Woman" magazine, Barbara A Tyler. [Non-text portions of this message have been removed] eGroups eLerts It's Easy. It's Fun. Best of All, it's Free! http://click.egroups.com/1/9698/2/_/536383/_/973827671/ UNSUBSCRIBE: 1_Bakery_Madness-unsubscribe@egroups.com SWITCH TO DIGEST: 1_Bakery_Madness-digest@egroups.com SWITCH TO SINGLE MESSAGES: 1_Bakery_Madness-normal@egroups.com VISIT THE LIST'S ARCHIVES:  http://www.egroups.com/archive/1_Bakery_Madness PLEASE DO NOT send to the list: Computer Virus information, Internet Hoaxes, Fundraisers, Charities, Chain Letters (i.e., any story that says "pass this along...."), NO "Work-at-Home" spam, Political or Religious material. NO solicitation to sell any products {this includes your e-mail signature line).  Sending any of this will get you dropped off the list.  Please do not write and tell me you were unaware of the list rules.  This is a list for recipes and friendly talk only. Thanks to all the list members who have helped me put together this set of list rules! 
Sorry I missed you guys for lunch yesterday.  I didn't get your email until yesterday afternoon.  I've been in class for two days...Derivatives I.  It's really hard to sit still and think about swaps and options when I'd rather think about Sydney!  But I guess it's better than being at my desk all day. The days are pretty slow.  It doesn't really get busy here until 3:30 or so. Bye, Robin PS If I forget my bras, I'm just not going to bother!! 
Just a reminder I'll be in Derivatives Tues. and Wed.   I'll have my phone with me in case anyone needs anything. Thanks, Robin 281-300-9145 
Yes, I got it a few minutes after I sent you the email.  Thanks. Robin 
Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1. Ben 
Can you please send me the latest version of the JV model.  Thanks! Ben 
Here is a slide that should help you out.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks Ben 
Here is the summary for UAE transaction.  Thanks Ben 
_______________________________________________________________ This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system. Thank you. _______________________________________________________________ Thanks for the response.  According to my records, the outstanding questions are as follows: Wheatland We understand that the Wheatland facility may seek a NPDES permit to discharge wastewater directly to the White River.  How is this wastewater currently managed?  Why is the facility considering changing the management method to direct discharge under a NPDES permit?  If there are associated cost savings with a NPDES permit, what are they estimated to be?  We understand that the source of the water that is discharged is a pond associated with mining operations.  Who is the owner of the pond?  Are any water extraction permits needed to remove water from this pond and, if so, have they been obtained?  We also understand that sampling was recently performed of the water.  Please provide copies of this analysis and any associated documentation. Gleason You indicated in the response to the Gleason questions that the variance request for Subpart GG had been approved by TDEC and the approval would be faxed to me.  To date, I have not received it. LV Cogen Earlier today, I asked a follow-up question on the coverage under the storm water permit from 1998 to 2000.  I did not see an explanation of this gap in the attached responses. Given the approaching bid deadline, we would appreciate receiving this information as soon as possible. Ron.Coker@enron.com on 10/31/2000 05:23:11 PM Extension: Answer to your questions. Ed Williams/PDX/ECT@ECT, Hammond/PDX/ECT@ECT, Andrew Allegheny (Jones Ron, the final response to Jones Day on behalf of Allegheny is attached. The response refers to two files that need to accompany the final. File 6.2.2.5 - copy of the current discharge permit - please put on deal bench File 6.2.3.1 Notice of intent and payment statement to the Bureau of Water Pollution Control for renewal of the stormwater discharge permit. - please put on deal bench. (See attached file: Allegheny information request response 102300 Final 102500.doc) (See attached file: Allegheny information request response 102300 Final 102500.doc) 
You received this e-mail because you registered on the E*TRADE Web site, or on one of our partners' sites. If you do not want to receive partner e-mail offers, or any E*TRADE marketing e-mail, you can change your preferences now. You are subscribed at: kruscit@ect.enron.com ? [IMAGE] [IMAGE] E*TRADE Partner Offers? Special Offers for Empowered Investors? Dear Kevin, ? Dell Dell Intel Dellhost.com Dedicated Shared Servers [IMAGE] [IMAGE]Enhanced dedicated hosting Starting at $549/month. [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE]Shared website hosting Starting at $17.95/month [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE]Dell(tm) PowerEdge(tm) 300 Servers Starting at only $999! [IMAGE] Pricing, specifications and availability may change without notice. Taxes and shipping charges are extra, and vary. U.S. only. Dell, the Dell logo, DellHost and PowerEdge are trademarks of Dell Computer Corporation. The Intel Inside Pentium III Processor logo is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation. Copyright 2000 Dell Computer Corporation. U.S. only. [IMAGE] [IMAGE] the advertisers' content and makes no warranties or guarantees about the products or services advertised. E*TRADE takes your privacy seriously. To learn more about E*TRADE's use of personal information, please read our Privacy Policy. If you do not want to receive further mailings from E*TRADE, unsubscribe now. If you have previously unsubscribed from E*TRADE's e-mail list, but have received this mailing, please note that it takes approximately five business days to process your request. [IMAGE] 
Attached please find the nipsco changes for the 20th.  Please note that there is a change on the ANR leg from 200 @ ANR/Ft Wayne to 141 @ ANR/Ft Wayne and 59 @ ANR/Michigan City.   This will balance your Pool B and make you take the withdrawal on Pool A.   Otherwise you would be injecting on Pool B and withdrawing on Pool A. Pool A  936   859   (77) Pool  B  141   141       0 Also, please note that all changes for 4/21 thru 4/24 are due to be nominated on 4/20/00 since Nipsco is closed for the holiday on Friday so if you are increasing or decreasing volumes over the weekend I need to have those numbers no later than 9:30 tomorrow morning. Thanks, Cora 
Chris--Attached is an updated daily requirements file with lower deliveries for 3/23, 3/24 and 3/25 into DP&L off Texas Gas.   The reduction for 3/23 is 160 dth below the volume that we requested yesterday prior to the 11am deadline. Doug Kinney Ph:  703-561-6339 Fax:  703-561-7317 
Great to hear from you as always.  It'll be great to have you back in the states.  By the way, I attached a copy of the boys. I hope it comes across OK. Talk to you soon. Kevin 
01:30 PM --------------------------- http://www.tlksolutions.com/family/multimedia.asp 
Don't worry this is clean.  Just funny. AM --------------------------- > > <<salmon.asf>> >  <<salmon.asf>> > 
Dax A. Sanders Associate - Bandwidth Origination Enron Broadband Services Work: (713) 853-3864 Cell: (713) 598-7832 Please forward this on to Mike and Kevin.  The turnaround time is rather quick so you probably should contact this person directly to tell him that you will be coming and sending a check to the address referenced in the invitation.  Just tell him that you received the invitation from Kara Kinder Howes (my cousin) and David Kinder.  Kara is one of the hosts of the event. DK This is the guy's name. Joseph A. Manero Principal The Ayes of Texas Political Consulting + Public Affairs 723 Main Street, Suite 922 Houston, Texas 77002 713.526.3566  Voice Sent: Thursday, August 24, 2000 6:48 AM Importance: High Sent: Friday, July 28, 2000 10:38 AM catherine_fendrich@dell.com; nkinder@earthlink.net; rtobor@enron.com; Chutickj@kindermorgan.com; kinderd@kindermorgan.com; smays@mail.mdanderson.org; Tadam@ppco.com; CGiovanella@rapidigm.com; Kimberly.Speed@Staples.com; ahowes@trionegordon.com; crooney@trionegordon.com Attached is an invitation to a fundraiser for Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison. It is at Mesa Grill on West Gray on August 31.  Food and entertainment by Jack Ingram is included.  Please call me at 713/221-1571 (work) or at 713/572-3692 (home) if you have any questions.  Hope to see you there! Kara Howes Katherine K. Howes Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P. (713)221-1571 (713)222-3215 (fax) khowes@bracepatt.com 18:04:41 -0500 ----- I have attached the invitation for the Aug. 31-Kay Bailey Hutchison/Jack Ingram event at Mesa Grill. The file can be viewed using the Adobe Acrobat Reader.  If you do not have the Reader installed on your computer, you can download it for free from the following address: http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html <http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html> file attachment in an email to them, or you may wish to print it and fax it to them individually.  It is designed in such a way to fax in a very clean manner.  Please let me know if you have any trouble with the file. Please instruct your guests/invitees to mail their checks as soon as possible, in order to get an accurate head count prior to the event.  The address is on the invitation, but here it is again: KBH Mesa Event, PO Box 540962, Houston, TX 77254-0962. Thank you for your hard work to make the event a great success! Please call me if you have any questions. Joseph A. Manero Principal The Ayes of Texas Political Consulting + Public Affairs 723 Main Street, Suite 922 Houston, Texas 77002 713.526.3566  Voice 281.754.4662  Fax http://www.ayesoftexas.com <http://www.ayesoftexas.com> 
(See attached file: Jeff's Resume for Enron July 24,2000.rtf) 
10K and 10Q 
Vector Pipeline will be purchasing line pack gas for gas day November 15, 2000. Please see attached document. (See attached file: Offer to Purchase Nov. 15.doc) Keith Irani Manager, Marketing Services Vector Pipeline 416 495-5960 keith.irani@cgc.enbridge.com 
Vector Pipeline will be purchasing line pack gas for gas day November 12 & 13, 2000. Please see attached document. (See attached file: Offer to Purchase Nov. 12 & 13.doc) Keith Irani Manager, Marketing Services Vector Pipeline 416 495-5960 keith.irani@cgc.enbridge.com 
Bill and Tracy, Elizabeth, Shari and I  have gone over the three part exposure reducing trade idea together internally, and are going to review it with our outside counsel, Ken Raisler, before giving you our definitive comments on the merits or demerits of the proposed structure.  Unfortunately Ken is out until Monday and unavailable by phone.  If all goes well Monday,  we will have something to you by the end of the day or maybe on Tuesday. ----cgy 
Please see the attached press release regarding the Cinergy Hourly Index. "Bobette Riner" <bobette.riner@ipgdirect.com> on 09/05/2000 05:48:48 PM <craig.allsopp@ipgdirect.com>, <Greg.Baber@ipgdirect.com> We're excited here at TradersNews to offer you the  country's first hourly wholesale power index, at the Cinergy hub. Please check  the attached announcement for more information and our website at http://www.tradersnewspower.com 
There are several items worth noting regarding the ERCOT's methodology: Regulation Reserve Requirements (RGRS).  ERCOT has determined that 600 MW o= f=20 Reg up and down will be adequate for 95% of the hours during the year, if= =20 historic patterns hold and if balancing energy is deployed properly.  Durin= g=20 what ERCOT considers to be "high stress" periods, they will increase their= =20 normal RGRS requirement by a multiple of 2-3.  The initial start-up of the= =20 single control area will  be considered "high stress" and ERCOT will purcha= se=20 2-3 what is necessary to cover the inexperience of the operators.  This wil= l=20 be the practice until ERCOT is comfortable with the single control area (or= =20 until market participants complain about the high cost of A/S).  The high= =20 stress option will remain available for the first year of operations. Non-Spinning Reserve Requirements (NSRS).  ERCOT proposes to a methodology = of=20 purchasing NSRS only when projected risk of insufficiency is higher than=20 normal, or large amounts of spinning reserve are not projected to be=20 available online based on resource plans..  This boils down to where the=20 temperature is projected to be greater than 92 degrees, less than 32 degree= s=20 Fahrenheit or uncertain and when spinning reserves less than 4600 MW are=20 projected.  Here is the process: significantly from the current day. t, and=20 the current day forecast high temperature is <92, and the current    day lo= w=20 temperature is greater than 32 degrees, and the current day generation plan= =20 shows >4600 MW of spinning reserve online    all day long, and the current= =20 month is not April, May, or October, THEN no NSRS is considered to be=20 required all day for the next    day. amounts equal to the largest unit online for the hours     projected within= =20 80% of peak hour. ve 92=20 degrees, then purchase NSRS in amounts equal to the    largest unit online= =20 for the hours projected warmer than 92 degrees. ,=20 then purchase NSRS in amounts equal to the largest unit    online for the= =20 projected morning load pickup hours and hours projected within 80% of peak= =20 hour. =20 which the Day Ahead operator estimates spinning reserves    online will dro= p=20 lower than 4600 MW. Replacement Reserve Requirements (RPRS).  The requirement will be set at th= e=20 amount of RPRS required to resolve supply inadequacy, CSC, and OC (local)= =20 congestion simultaneously.  There will be procurement of RPRS if the resour= ce=20 plans indicate capacity inadequacy based on the QSE scheduled load  with th= e=20 ERCOT projected load.  If the ERCOT projected load is greater than the QSE= =20 scheduled load and capacity available in the resource plan does not cover t= he=20 difference, then there is a capacity inadequacy problem.  If the CSC flows= =20 based on the QSE schedules are greater than the limits, then the CSC proble= ms=20 are recorded.  Then a transmission contingency analysis will be run to=20 identify OC constraints.  If the flows are greater than the limits, the OC= =20 flow values are recorded.  When there are insufficient RPRS bids for ERCOT = to=20 resolve its reliability and security concerns, ERCOT may choose to request= =20 OOM capacity or to use RMR units.  ERCOT will use the scheduling pricing=20 dispatch (SPD) to determine which OOM and RMR units should be selected and= =20 when to discontinue OOM/RMR service. Balancing Energy Requirement.  ERCOT's goal for balancing energy is (1) to= =20 use BES so that regulation service in either direction is not depleted, (2)= =20 to minimize net energy in regulation, and (3) to provide frequency control= =20 when frequency is high, especially during minimum load intervals.  ERCOT wi= ll=20 use a two-step approach to calculate balancing energy service needs.  Step= =20 one will be to clear the balancing energy service market resolving=20 load-generation balances and Zonal congestion (local congestion is ignored)= . =20 Step two is to determine the balance energy service needs to resolve local= =20 congestion as well as generation-load balance and zonal congestion.   The= =20 desired result of step two is to minimize the cost of local congestion whic= h=20 will be an uplift to the market. Balancing Energy Down Bid Percentage Requirement.  This will be used for=20 congestion management and frequency control (to correct for high frequency)= . =20 ERCOT will evaluate the export amount of each congestion management zone an= d=20 transmission transfer capability between CM Zones.  If the export amount is= =20 greater than the calculated transfer capability of a CM Zone, then the=20 difference between these two values is the potential congested MW, or the= =20 total MW of DES Down bids needed for clearing Zonal Congestion.  Also=20 sufficient down bid percentage requirement will be determined by ERCOT. =20 Market rules dictate that by 0600 of the day ahead QSEs will be notified of= =20 this percentage requirement for BES down bids by Congestion Zone. Responsive Reserve Requirement (RRS).  The RRS requirement is set at 2300 M= W=20 for all hours under normal conditions.  Interruptible responsive reserve=20 cannot exceed 25% of the QSE total requirement.=20 For the initial start-up period of the market, ERCOT will have the tendency= =20 to over buy ancillary services while the are "adjusting" to the single=20 control area. Thane Thomas Twiggs Enron Corp 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002 713-853-3199 Voice 713-408-4463 Mobile 713-646-8272 Fax 877-968-8967 Digital Pager or 8779688967@skytel.com =09Thane Twiggs =0904/10/2001 03:42 PM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Doug Gilbert-Smith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Clint Dean/Corp/Enron@Enron= , Smith=20 L Day/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eric Saibi/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mike Curry/Enron@EnronXGate= ,=20 Martin Lin/Contractor/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Ron=20 McNamara/NA/Enron@Enron, Thane Twiggs/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT,= =20 Jean Ryall/NA/Enron@ENRON, Michelle Parks/Enron@EnronXGate, Christi L=20 Nicolay/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: ERCOT Ancillary Services Methodology The attached file was large so I will provide the link to the ERCOT website= . =20 If  you cannot down load and would like a hard copy, let me know.=20 http://www.ercot.com/currents.htm  -- It is under Ancillary Services=20 Methodologies. Thane Thomas Twiggs Enron Corp 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002 713-853-3199 Voice 713-408-4463 Mobile 713-646-8272 Fax 877-968-8967 Digital Pager or 8779688967@skytel.com =09Thane Twiggs =0904/10/2001 03:04 PM =09=09=20 =09=09 To: Doug Gilbert-Smith/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Clint Dean/Corp/Enron@Enron= , Smith=20 L Day/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eric Saibi/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mike Curry/Enron@EnronXGate= ,=20 Martin Lin/Contractor/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Ron=20 McNamara/NA/Enron@Enron, Thane Twiggs/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT,= =20 Jean Ryall/NA/Enron@ENRON, Michelle Parks/Enron@EnronXGate, Christi L=20 Nicolay/HOU/ECT@ECT =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: ERCOT Ancillary Services Methodology Attached is the proposed ERCOT ISO methodology for determining A/S=20 Purchases.  The methodologies will be presented to the ERCOT Board for=20 approval April 17, 2001. Thane Thomas Twiggs Enron Corp 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002 713-853-3199 Voice 713-408-4463 Mobile 713-646-8272 Fax 877-968-8967 Digital Pager or 8779688967@skytel.com 
File attached _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 
Eric, I got it - thank you for looking into it for me. kc PM --------------------------- brian_jordan@mcgraw-hill.com on 02/02/2001 11:24:30 AM (See attached file: pmw1120.pdf) 
Good day Eric! Already submitted your information before the posting even went out. Will advise if there is an interest to interview. Rose 
The actual mwh growth from Q12000 to Q1 2001 was 3.56% (59,426,845 mwh to 61,543,268 mwh).  Through my calculations, which I will describe below, I arrived at a weather-normalized growth of 4.28% (59,114,067 mwh to 61,646,157 mwh).  While I would not say that load growth exactly matches my figure, I feel confident that load growth in ERCOT was in the range of 3.5% to 4%, year over year. Methodology half years of data (7/1/97 through 12/31/99) and inserted typical ERCOT weather for the period of January 1 through March 31, 2000.  I used the resulting loads in my analysis for typical first quarter 2000 loads.  The amount of data I used to estimate the ERCOT model in this example is standard for each of the load forecasting models I have developed (when that amount of data is available). half years of data (7/1/98 through 12/31/00) and inserted typical ERCOT weather for the period of January 1 through March 31, 2001.   I used the resulting loads in my analysis for typical first quarter 2001 loads. I then compared the results, which I have summarized above. Let me know if you have any questions. 
PLEASE NOTE THE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS FOR DANNY AND LAURA WEAVER: BEEBUZZBOYS@AOL.COM THANK YOU AND WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU! 
Effective today, we have a group calendar.  Please use it to enter your days when you will be out.  If you would prefer to tell me, then I can enter them for you.  Everyone in the West Desk has access to this calendar.  Please utilize it so there is no shock to us assistants when you are not sitting at your desk in the morning and are on vacation or a business trip. Also, please let me know when you are gone for the day.  This does not need to be in the calendar, but would be nice to know for phone call purposes. Just click on this link and  the icon will be added  to your desk top. Many thanks, Ina Rangel - West Desk Calendar => 
I have enclosed a draft of the letter we spoke about yesterday. 
Are you handling this? 08:43 AM --------------------------- Rohauer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tom Moran/HOU/ECT@ECT, Molly Harris/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brant Reves/HOU/ECT@ECT Spoke to Alicia Jones in Settlements and she forwarded me the following. Please note that Jan and Feb business was paid on time. The March invoice was sent out for $101,370 and she will continue to keep me informed of any developments on her end as she is in communication with the counterparty. 04/19/2000 10:09 AM --------------------------- Veronica, I spoke with Pittsburgh Corning about our current month natural gas receivables. Per Harry Fleming, they have filed Chapter 11 and are in court. He transferred me to Jill Kio who informed me that they submitted Enron's invoice for payment before they filed so they do not expect to delay payment. However, as they do not know what the outcome of court will be, they can not promise the payment will NOT be delayed. Jill is faxing me some paperwork on their filings and I will forward that to you upon receipt. If you have any questions, please do not hestitate to call. 
If we are ever going to pursue this lawsuit, we should do it soon. Where do the traders stand on pricing/ MTM exposure? 
John Odam has asked me to go to lunch w/ his new partners. Would you like to go? If not, how interested are you in sending them work? I think John is a great guy but he did a marginal job representing EBS on some litigation I was managing. Richard:? How bout April 4 or 5?? You,  plus whoever else that we discussed who might be available.? Y'all are our  guests of course.? John Odam 
Team Attached for your reference is  List of Documents (with short descriptions) relating to the Pacific Virgo. The documents form my Core Bundle which I have only had the chance to assemble today. I believe you would have copies of the documents either from the bundle I couriered to Mike R. or from e-mail, but if you have any missing, please let me know and I'll get copies to you. I will keep the List up to date and copy the Houston team. As usual, I welcome any comments. I will be working to put together a similar list for sampling and test results and will copy the team as soon as I can. Some material documents on the Tank Cleaning issue: Costs were to be borne by Enron (item 4 of the List). Enron regarded USD30,000 estimate for Butterworth cleaning by Owners too high and revised cleaning request to flushing with fresh water (item 8 of the List). Owners did not have enough freshwater and proposed seawater flushing (item 9 of the List). Enron queried Owners on why there was insufficient fresh water for tank cleaning (no explanation to date) and reserved rights under C/P (item 10 of the List). Enron gave orders to flush with fresh water and emphasised sensitivity of cargo for power plant (item 11 of the List). Owners advised not able to flush with freshwater and no tank cleaning was performed before last cargo of Cossack was loaded (item 13 of the List). Enron expressed disappointment that there was no fresh water to flush tanks and requested draining and stripping dry (item 16 of the List). Enron asked Master the day before loading what preparations were done, but there we never got a reply (item 17 of the List). SGS vessel tank inspection states "Master / Chief Officer guarantees the integrity of the cargo whilst the same is on board" (item 18 of the List) - have asked SGS for a copy with Master/Chief Officer's signature. Pacific Virgo ETA Yosu Korea 23rd night. Earliest commencement of discharge 24th morning. Britt - Thanks for the list of questions. They help me focus with so much going on here. I'll respond with answers as soon as I can although I expect that I would need to consult with John Chismar (Trader - who is on vacation and due back 1st August) on some of them. Regards Matt 
yes Richard, Have you received the check from Teldata?  I have our signed version of the settlement agreement dated 4/5 but I haven't received their executed copy. Thanks, Andy 09:32 AM --------------------------- Michael S Galvan 08/07/2000 07:00 AM Andy, How are things ?  Have you heard anything on the cash we're due from Teldata? Thanks, Mike 06:59 AM --------------------------- Michael S Galvan 05/11/2000 06:54 AM Hi Andy, Just checking on the status of the amount we're going to collect from Teldata.  Is it still around $450k? Thanks, Mike 
Here is the generator counsel list you requested.  If you have collected a list of counsel for other parties, I would like to have it. E-MAIL NOTICE This e-mail message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any review, use, disclosure or distribution by persons or entities other than the intended recipient(s) is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you. Postmaster@mdbe.com or call (415) 393-2000 and delete this email. McCUTCHEN, DOYLE, BROWN & ENERSEN, LLP http://www.mccutchen.com 
Here is a copy of the e-mail I received from Larry Ruff before Christmas. Aleck Aleck -- I have not yet been paid for the work I did for Enron via Blakes.  I sent Blakes an invoice for about US$20,000 early in August -- yes, almost 5 months ago -- and have received nothing since.  I have asked Web MacDonald several times to check on it.  The last response I heard from Blakes was over a month ago, when they said they would remind Enron.  Then, about three weeks ago, I was asked by an attorney in San Francisco to assist him with some Enron work related to California.  I told him that, in my experience, Enron does not pay its bills, so he offered me an advance retainer.  He also said he had checked with the appropriate person at Enron in Houston, who said that he had just approved payment of my invoice.  But that was over three weeks ago and I still have seen nothing. My letter agreement is with Blakes, not Enron, so I had assumed that Blakes would pay me and invoice Enron themselves.  But Blakes seems unwilling to pay me themselves and unable to get Enron to pay me directly.  I would appreciate any assistance you can provide on this matter. Thanks, and do have a Merry Christmas. Larry assured him that my invoice which I agreed to do when he said he would pay a retainer in advance. 
FYI =09"IssueAlert" <IssueAlert@scientech.com> =0910/10/2000 06:32 AM =09=09=20 =09=09 To:=20 =09=09 cc:=20 =09=09 Subject: PG&E's Rate Cap Proposal: Leading the Charge for Re-Regulat= ion, or=20 Protecting Itself from Economic Disaster? http://www.consultrci.com Miss last week? Catch up on the latest in the energy industry at:=20 http://www.consultrci.com/web/infostore.nsf/Products/IssuesWatch=20 =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH IssueAlert, October 10, 2000 PG&E's Rate Cap Proposal: Leading the Charge for Re-Regulation, or Protecti= ng=20 Itself from Economic Disaster?=20 By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PG&E), in filings with the California Public=20 Utilities Commission (CPUC) and California Independent System Operator=20 (Cal-ISO), has requested that a rate cap be placed on wholesale purchases= =20 in the state. The utility is asking the CPUC to lower the current rate=20 cap from $250 per megawatt hour to $100, or 10 cents per kilowatt hour.=20 In seeking the rate cap, PG&E is joined by Edison International, the parent= =20 company of Southern California Edison, and The Utility Action Network (TURN= ),=20 a ratepayer advocacy group. ANALYSIS: The current rate cap of $250 per megawatt hour in the wholesale= =20 market of California resulted from the price spikes experienced in San=20 Diego this summer. As San Diego Gas & Electric had paid off its stranded=20 costs, the retail rate freeze in its area was lifted and SDG&E customers=20 were exposed to market-based prices, which doubled and at times tripled=20 due to increased demand in the state and power supply concerns. PG&E=20 customers=20 were not exposed to the price spikes because, at the time, PG&E had not=20 paid off its own stranded costs and was still under a retail rate freeze. Yet the company has felt the impact from the price spikes just the same.=20 PG&E buys a great deal of its power on the wholesale market, and as a resul= t=20 is about $2.2 billion in debt (some figures suggest it is as high as $2.7= =20 billion). Due to the retail rate freeze still in effect, PG&E has been=20 unable to pass this debt on to customers by raising its rates. In real=20 terms, PG&E was paying up to 19 cents per kilowatt hour on the wholesale=20 market this summer, when by law it was only allowed to charge its customers= =20 on average 5 cents per kilowatt hour. In total, PG&E has paid about $2.7=20 billion more to suppliers than it can bill customers for, and this amount= =20 is growing by hundreds of millions each month. This explains the utility's= =20 motivation in wanting to see the CPUC further lower the cap on wholesale=20 rates in California. However, even though PG&E as a whole is in debt, the utility=01*as well as= =20 other divisions under parent company PG&E Corp.=01*is still making money of= f=20 deregulation in California. For instance, PG&E's Diablo Canyon nuclear=20 plant has been able to capitalize on the high value of power on the wholesa= le=20 market. The utility confirmed recently that altogether its power facilities= =01* the=20 ones left after the utility was forced to divest the bulk of its power=20 assets=01*still provide about $150 million a month to the utility. In addit= ion,=20 PG&E Corp.'s unregulated energy commodity trading operation has been doing= =20 very well. And the unregulated National Energy Group=01*which operates in= =20 markets outside of California, such as Massachusetts, Rhode Island and=20 New Hampshire=01*posted a 233-percent profit increase for the second quarte= r.=20 Thus, it is important to note the distinction between PG&E and its parent,= =20 PG&E Corp. Ironically, as a whole, PG&E Corp. has stated that it does not= =20 support rate caps, and has opposed the issue when it has surfaced in other= =20 states. PG&E reported second-quarter earnings of $216 million on $2.3 billion in=20 revenue, representing a 26-percent increase over the same quarter last=20 year. Third quarter earnings also reportedly will be strong. This puts=20 PG&E in an awkward predicament. On one hand, PG&E wants to convince=20 shareholders=20 that the company is doing well and making money from the commodities that= =20 it sells. On the other hand, PG&E is attempting to convince regulators=20 that it is losing money due to the high wholesale prices that it must pay= =20 for power. In fairness, though, the revenue PG&E has earned cannot come=20 anywhere near to paying off the massive debt the company has accrued due=20 to its obligation of serving customers. PG&E's rate freeze is scheduled to end March 31, 2002, at the very latest,= =20 or sooner if it is determined that PG&E's stranded costs have been repaid,= =20 something that utility executives say may already have taken place. Due=20 to higher-than-expected revenues and higher-than-market valuations of the= =20 utility's assets, it may very well be the case that PG&E's stranded costs= =20 are already paid off. When this is officially determined by the CPUC, PG&E= =20 will argue that customers should be liable for some or all of the debt=20 it has assumed while the rate caps were in place. The CPUC has scheduled=20 a hearing to address these issues on Oct. 19. The core question of these=20 proceedings will be whether or not PG&E should be allowed to turn over=20 its debt to customers through rate increases once the rate freeze is lifted= .=20 PG&E wants to be able to retroactively bill customers for its debt, based= =20 on the date which the CPUC determines that PG&E had in fact paid off its=20 stranded costs, a point groups such as TURN will surely protest. It may seem surprising that TURN was among the group with PG&E that filed= =20 the petition to lower the rate cap on wholesale prices. Typically, TURN=20 and PG&E (along with most utilities) are at polar opposites regarding most= =20 issues. However, both agree that wholesale rates are too high and want=20 to see a new cap put into place, but for completely different reasons.=20 TURN says that PG&E and other utilities took a risk when agreeing to the=20 rate freeze and they should not be allowed to pass debts that resulted=20 from that risk onto customers. TURN continues to retain a watch over the=20 proceedings related to PG&E's proposal, specifically with regard to the=20 possibility that the CPUC will allow the utility to raise rates on customer= s. Within the course of these new developments, it's important to be clear=20 on PG&E's motivations. Some California lawmakers and consumer advocates=20 have called for a complete return to regulation, arguing that deregulation= =20 in California has become a failed experiment. Many have surmised that PG&E'= s=20 proposal for wholesale caps is essentially a call to return California=20 to a regulated structure. I think this is a misinterpretation. PG&E has=20 very clearly stated that its proposal is a "necessary short-term step to=20 try to bring prices back in line." PG&E's efforts really shouldn't be viewe= d=20 as a move to return California to a regulated market. Rather, PG&E is merel= y=20 attempting to protect its own interests. The utility wants to secure=20 temporary=20 lower rates for the power it needs to buy on the wholesale market and=20 transfer=20 its debts to customers once the rate freeze is lifted. A return to regulati= on=20 via a permanent rate cap would not be in PG&E's best interests as it=20 continues=20 to sell power from its nuclear plant. In addition, PG&E probably recognizes= =20 that regulation would discourage additional companies from building new=20 power plants in California, which would not be good for the long-term econo= my=20 of the state. This also would do little to lower wholesale prices in=20 California.=20 As we discovered this summer, the less supply, the higher the price for=20 power.=20 PG&E's proposal to lower rate caps on wholesale prices is, more than anythi= ng=20 else, an attempt to protect itself from what it perceives as disastrous=20 economic impact if it is not able to transfer its debt to customers. A=20 recent Wall Street Journal report inferred that if wholesale prices continu= e=20 to exceed what PG&E can charge customers, the utility could become=20 "technically=20 insolvent" sometime next year. It will be interesting to see if the CPUC=20 has the same perception when it evaluates PG&E's proposal later this month.= =20 =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Need to design and implement your IT infrastructure? Learn more about=20 SCIENTECH's=20 Information Technology team and what they can do for you at: =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let= =20 us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20 information products including e-commerce and telecom in the electric utili= ty=20 industry. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free, daily= =20 IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full name and=20 email address or register directly at: http://www.consultrci.com/web/infostore.nsf/Products/IssueAlert Sincerely, Will McNamara Director, Electric Industry Analysis wmcnamara@scientech.com =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20 wmcnamara@scientech.com =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D= =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20 SCIENTECH=20 consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not=20 intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to=20 be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpos= e=20 in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective=20 regarding=20 the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing= =20 reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues. Copyright 2000.  SCIENTECH, Inc. If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, pleas= e=20 reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove." 
Troy / Jim: The following are issues or concerns that I think need to be addressed.  If its OK I will pass these on as the pop into my head. period of time each entity owns the facilities.  This is important since 2000 value) given the higher pricing. on the Ad Valorem Tax.  I believe this Exemption has to be renewed every         two years.  I would think that Enron would want to retain responsibility for renewing this exemption.  Both parties have a vested interest since it will         impact  AEP's tax liability over the next 30 years but Enron wants the facility back with the exemption intact. Production Tax.  HPL only pays Production Tax on 7.5% of the withdrawal         volumes.  I do not think this will be impacted by the sale but it might be worth a quick review by the lawyer's. Ted Ryan can discuss the Ad Valorem Tax issues with you and the last person I talked to about the Production Tax issue was Dan Hyvl. Hope this is what you are looking for in this process. 
Family, Thought you might enjoy this. -Mark > When you thought I wasn't looking (by a child)... > > > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw you hang my first painting on the > refrigerator, and I immediately wanted to paint another one. > > When you thought I wasn't looking I saw you feed a stray cat, and I > learned that it was good to be kind to animals. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw you make my favorite cake for me > and I learned that the little things can be the special things in life. > > When you thought I wasn't looking I heard you say a prayer, and I knew > there is a God I could always talk to and I learned to trust in God. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw you make a meal and take it to a > friend who was sick, and I learned that we all have to help take care of > each other. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw you give of your time and money > to help people who had nothing and I learned that those who have something > should  give to those who don't. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I felt you kiss me good night and I > felt loved and safe. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw you take care of our house and > everyone in it and I learned we have to take care of what we are given. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw how you handled your > responsibilities, even when you didn't feel good and I learned that I > would have to be responsible when I grow up. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw tears come from your eyes and I > learned that sometimes things hurt, but it's all right to cry. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I saw that you cared and I wanted to be > everything that I could be. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I learned most of life's lessons that I > need to know to be a good and productive person when I grow up. > > When you thought I wasn't looking, I looked at you and wanted to say, > "Thanks for all the things I saw when you thought I wasn't looking." > 
At the request of Barbara Gray, we have created a directory to which you ca= n=20 copy your Houston Pipeline Company material. Each of you has an individual= =20 directory for your use that is located in =01&O:\Corporate\HPL Sale=018. So= , for=20 example Tom Shelton has a directory at =01&O:\Corporate\HPL Sale\tshelton= =018 in=20 which he can store his HPL files. This is to facilitate coping the files to= =20 CD so they can be sent to our Washington lawyers. To save your e-mail=20 messages to the network, follow the appropriate directions below, depending= =20 on whether you are using Lotus Notes or Microsoft Outlook to read you e-mai= l. Lotus Notes: Open the message you want to save. Make sure you have changed the =01&Save in=018 directory to =01&O:\Corporat= e\HPL=20 Sale\<your user name>=018, substituting your actual network user name for = =01&<your=20 user name>=018. Choose a name for the mail message. Click Save. Microsoft Exchange: Select or open the message that you want to save. Make sure you have changed the =01&Save in=018 directory to =01&O:\Corporat= e\HPL=20 Sale\<your user name>=018, substituting your actual network user name for = =01&<your=20 user name>=018. Choose a name for the mail message. Click Save. If there are any questions please call Mark Thibodeaux (x39373) or Russell= =20 Long (x53754). Thank you, Mark Thibodeaux Enron Corp. IT Compliance 
PM --------------------------- Jim Schwieger 04/25/2000 01:01 PM Go ahead and contact Kevin Pilkington at the following "e mail " address kevin_pilkington@kne.com and see where he would like us to send the invoice. Please let me know if there is a problem. PM --------------------------- Nick Cocavessis@ENRON 04/21/2000 08:35 AM Jim, where do we charge the Deer Park costs incurred prior to turning it over to Midcon?  We provided them all the engineering and ROW performed to date. 08:31 AM --------------------------- Kuehler/Corp/Enron@ENRON We have spent $ 35,729 at Deer Park and $ 9,627 at Flagstaff. I will advise you about the ROW costs when I receive them from Towles. 
PM --------------------------- Jim Schwieger 10/10/2000 10:28 AM Gottlob/HOU/ECT@ECT Nick & Brad: What is the status of the MidCon Flagstaff Meter Station?  As contemplated HPL is having a difficult time delivering Entex volumes into MidCon during the cold weather Houston has been experiencing.  Given changes in MidCon's system this situation will probably continue to be a challenge throughout the winter.  This problem is compounded by the start up of the Nov. - Feb. deliveries to MidCon of 83,334 MMBtu/d.  All of our eggs seem to be collecting in the Flagstaff Meter Station so its imperative that this station be operational ASAP.  Please provide me with an update! 
Taylor 713-767-6368 Dynegy, runs Texas/West book Chuck Nuetzler 713-420-3134, knows Valero, 19 years with them, knows waha Brad Clausen 713-369-8745 knows everyone in Texas Sandy Tomme 713-752-7889 currently trading, most aggressive transportation rep we ever had, has all the right contacts intrastates and gulf coast 
Here is the draft testimony of Paul Amirault on storage issues.  There is additional material on balancing and on storage price floors which will be added as soon as possible tomorrow.  Please send comments to Mike Day as soon as possible.  Thanks. 
Hi Mum!  Ann and I saw "Mr. Ripley" and I lay awake last night wondering how else the main character could have dealt with his dilemma on the boat!  I think I need to go to the movies more often; perhaps it will help me avoid this blurring of film and reality.  My tendency is to really get involved when I see them on the big screen! Might be going to San Francisco next week.  I'd really like to go.  We'll see. Probably I will come to Austin on Saturday but I've not heard from the landscaper yet.  I doubt they will be working on the weekend though. Hope you're having pretty weather as we have in Houston today. Love, Sooz 
Hey gang, I've taken the first stab at answering Norm's inquiry... give me your thoughts.  Also, Susan, what is the protocol for a case being litigated at the CPUC for inquiries like this?  Should we put a disclaimer that the information we might provide is protected under Rule 51 or other "settlement discussions only" protection? Mr. Pedersen, First, I'd like to clear-up the nomenclature being used here.  As you know, currently SoCalGas doesn't assign "primary rights" to deliveries off of any interconnecting pipeline.  The establishment of tradeable rights for intrastate capacity is among the issues currently under consideration in the CPUC proceeding.   However, if what you are asking about is what has been the historical or otherwise available receipt capacity for Transwestern deliveries at North Needles, then let me offer the following. Transwestern has always operated on the premise that SoCalGas could physically accept up to a maximum of 750 MMcf/d at its North Needles receipt point.  Consequently, Transwestern has sold firm transportation to its interstate customers for west flow deliveries to North Needles not to exceed the 750 MMcf/d limitation.  Our west flow mainline capacity is 1.09 Bcf/d. The 340 MMcf/d difference between the mainline capacity and the physical capacity into SoCalGas at North Needles is used to provide firm service at our other delivery points at or near the California border, including PG&E, Mojave, Southwest Gas, Citizens Utilities, and in the near future, directly connected electric generation plants. 
I think that ultimately I would feel OK about giving them #1 and #2 under the circumstances, if these guys are really that concerned about these issues.  I really don't think TW is ever going to breach its confidentiality obligations.  I need to get Drew's clearance for Colorado law; I'll get back to you. Gerald Nemec@ECT 09/11/2000 07:17 PM Susan,  Tri-States comments.  I plan to give them Colorado law but to discuss the other two with them.  Let me know your thoughts. <rstribling@tristategt.org> Gerald: Jere Bates asked that I comment on your redline of the confidentiality agreement that I helped draft.  My comments are as follows: 1. Regarding the strikeout in Section 2 of the language concerning the obligations of Enron surviving termination, Tri-State is opposed to striking this.  The information is not to be used at any time other than for the purpose set forth in the agreement, and the fact that Enron may cease to acquire new information should not relieve it of its obligation not to use information it has previously received for unintended purposes. We believe that language protects against that occurrence-and is consistent with the language in the last sentence of Section 5 as well. 2. Regarding Section 6, Tri-State is opposed to waiving consequential, punitive or exemplary damages because in our view, it is likely that many damages Tri-State would suffer as a result of a breach would not be direct or ordinary, but rather consequential.  In addition, the right to recover punitive or exemplary damages is needed in our view to protect against blatant disregard for the terms of the agreement.  We also believe that we should have three years to commence an action after termination. 3.  Regarding Section 7(b), we believe Colorado law is appropriate since Tri-State is the party that would be bringing an action for breach and should have the benefit of doing so in accordance with the laws it is familiar with. Please feel free to call or e-mail me or Jere with a response.  We are open to discussing these points, but do feel very strongly that our position is reasonable and appropriate. Thanks, Dave Nocera 
I really good web site on Costa RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRica is travelair@centralamerica.com We made need to change are hotel plans after looking at this. I printed out a number of items we can look at tonight! Your devote (and blissfully happy, I add) Craig XXXO Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2000 10:54 AM OnePass #:  BM490674 XXXOOO 
The attached comments of Aglet, SCGC and TURN were filed yesterday.  I apologize that yesterday's email transmission neglected to include the attachments. Marcel Hawiger THE UTILITY REFORM NETWORK 711 Van Ness Avenue, Suite 350 San Francisco, CA 94102 Tel:  (415) 929-8876 ex. 311 Fax:  (415) 929-1132 Email:  marcel@turn.org 
Just an example of "brokerage account stuff" that can occur with respect to a single account.  SS 11:47 AM --------------------------- Shackleton/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike Deville/HOU/ECT@ECT, Terri Harlan/HOU/ECT@ECT Gil, I received my copy of the instructions to Morgan Stanley and the letter to the transfer agent. I have faxed a copy to Frank Moy at Morgan Stanley who has not received the original,as yet. I have requested his verification that the account is open and an anticipated timing for the transfer agent. Have instructions been provided with the account opening authorizing John Greene to trade for Enron Communications Investments Corp? Has Donna been provided with the necessary internal releases for the sale? Are we anticipating only selling 2,392,058 in the near term since that is the only piece being registered in street-name? John Greene will be provided with  instructions requesting him to sell and acceptable pricing guidelines. Thanks Sheila 
Marie:  Sutton Bridge was sold.  That is all I know.  Following is the situation regarding outstanding swaps.  We need to keep a record somewhere. Sara 04:20 PM --------------------------- Trena McFarland 04/06/2000 10:10 AM John and Sara In reply to your enquires: Infinity number 10300 is a hedge that was put on with SBPL.  This is to remain in place Infinity number 25556 is a hedge that was put on for SBFL.  This is to remain in place. The other deal that you enquired about was a simple passthrough of cash. This was a spot deal and has matured. Trena 
Stuart, this instruction is correct.  I will be sending you an e-mail addressing the issues relating to the Bonus and Tetonka shares covered by the equity derivative later this morning.  I understand that Peter is addressing the Helms-Burton issues on the Beau Canada shares. Greg Attached is a representation that should be included in all Raptor confirmations in which the underlying security is publicly traded on a Canadian exchange. Stuart Greg/Peter - please confirm that my instruction to Mary is accurate. Please see attached. 
I understand that Sara and I will visit with you Monday about this project. Attached are two updated forms of the equity swaps we have created thus far for warrants and shares with public/private options, and language to cover conversions of preferred, or rights to exercise warrants, that are not 1 to 1.  Additionally, I learned late Friday that the materials I sent to you by fax last week are not the most current amendments to the Oconto Falls transaction.  You will be receiving another fax Monday morning. Enron North America Corp. Mary Cook 1400 Smith, 38th Floor, Legal Houston, Texas   77002-7361 (713) 345-7732 (phone) (713) 646-3490 (fax) mary.cook@enron.com 
jointly to Morris Clark and Steve Douglas I have copies of the documents... I will have them delivered to your office tomorrow ...if you let me know who in tax you want the documents sent to, we can forward the documents to them directly...thanks...mgg 
Hi there.  I've been out for 2 days.  I was driving home last night from the airport down 59, and I passed all sorts of emergency vehicles because of an explosing near.  Did you hear about it? 
Jeff: Attached you will find three files: 1) The brief description of the Envera deal you requested. ("deal summary final") 2) A diagram showing one potential view of how the e-Marketplace for Chemicals will look and where Enron would fit in. ("deal summary e-commerce marketplace") 3) A slide from Envera displaying their connectivity concept.  Enron will participate as a Member, a Service Provider and an Owner. ("basic envera concept") Deals obviously are never done till they're done, but this one is 95+ % there.  We've received Envera Board Approval and signatures from 1/3 of the Owners' granting consent to issue equity to Enron. Thanks to both you and John for your support.  We could not have come this far without it. Doug 
For the roundtable: Gas:  John Arnold, Phillip Allen, Mike Grigsby, maybe Hunter Shively Pwr:  Fletch Sturm, Rogers Hearndon, maybe Kevin Presto Oil:  John Nowlan, Bill White, maybe Adam Gross Coal/Emissions:  Kevin Mcgowan Equities:  Gary Hickerson, Michael Bradley Other:  Vince Kaminski, Jen Fraser Have I left anyone off?  What do you think? 
Hi Hillary, hope you are well.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to make it tomorrow.  I just couldn't work out the schedule, but it was extremely thoughtful of you to invite me.  I hope you have a great time.....(I'll send something to Ben in the gallery tomorrow)... Best, Jeff "Gallay, Hillary" <HillaryG@WSG.com> on 11/27/2000 02:43:25 PM Jeff, It was a pleasure meeting you on Saturday evening.  I hope that you will be able to join us for Ben's 30th celebration.  I would love to send you an official invitation so if you wouldn't mind sending your address to me via this email I'd be happy to send you all of the details. Saturday, December 16th at 8:45pm at Gonzales y Gonzales, dinner and dancing. If you can make it let me know. Thanks, Hillary 
E-Notes provides regular briefings on new developments in global energy and public utility law. July 2, 2001 Market-Based Rates for Ancillary Services authority must separately obtain market-based rate authority for ancillary services.  See Order No. 888 at 31,720 quoting the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) as stating: "The fact that we have authorized a utility to sell wholesale power at market-based rates does not mean we have authorized the utility to sell ancillary services at market-based rates."  Accordingly, an entity with market-based rate authority must make a separate showing with regard to securing market-based rates for ancillary services. operators ("ISOs") - i.e., the PJM Interconnection, LLC ("PJM"), the New York ISO ("NYISO"), ISO-New England ("ISO-NE"), and the California ISO ("Cal-ISO") - the FERC has previously permitted entities with general market-based rate authority to sell ancillary services in those markets to the extent that it has authorized other suppliers to sell such ancillary services.  See Canadian Niagara Power Co., Ltd., 87 FERC ? 61,070 (1999) (authorizing sales of ancillary services at market-based rates into the NYISO and ISO-NE markets); Minergy Neenah, L.L.C., et al., 88 FERC ? 61,102 (1999) (authorizing sales of ancillary services at market-based rates into the NYISO); Atlantic City Elec. Co., et al., 86 FERC ? 61,039 (1999) (authorizing sales of ancillary services at market-based rates into PJM); PJM Interconnection, L.L.C., 91 FERC ? 61,021 (2000) (same); see also New England Power Pool, 85 FERC ? 61,379 (1998); Central Hudson Gas & Elec. Corp., et al., 86 FERC ? 61,062 (1999); Connectiv Energy Supply Inc., 91 FERC ? 61,076 (2000); AES Redondo Beach, L.L.C., et al., 83 FERC ? 61,358, order on reh'g and clarification, 85 FERC ? 61,123 (1998), order on reh'g and clarification, 87 FERC ? 61,208, order on reh'g, 88 FERC ? 61,096 (1999), order on reh'g and clarification, 90 FERC ? 61,036 (2000). As a general proposition, companies that have sought authority to sell ancillary services in these ISO markets have simply requested the blanket authorization for sales of ancillary services.  Many companies have added that they desire the authority to be extended to additional ancillary services and geographic markets, as the FERC may specify and authorize in the future in orders that extend such authority to all sellers previously authorized to sell energy and/or capacity at market-based rates.  See Edison Mission Mktg. and Trading, Docket No. ER99-2434-000 (unpublished delegated letter order issued May 7, 1999). rates is not, merely, limited to only those markets were established by the FERC with operating ISOs.  The criteria for seeking such authority in non-ISO markets is found in the Avista case.  See Avista Corp., 87 FERC - 61,223, reh'g granted, 89 FERC - 61,136 (1999) ("Avista").  The problem associated with obtaining market-based rates for ancillary services in non-ISO markets has centered on the difficulty (or impossibility) of obtaining estimates of other suppliers' abilities to supply ancillary services to support a reliable market analysis that demonstrates that the entity seeking such authority does not have market power in the relevant markets for ancillary services.  However, in the Avista case, the FERC authorized the provision of Regulation and Frequency Response, Energy Imbalance, Operating Reserve - Spinning Reserve Service, and Operating Reserve - Supplemental Reserve Service at market-based rates in non-ISO markets with certain conditions. establishment of an internet site that provides information on, and conducts, ancillary services transactions; (2) the posting on the internet site of the offering prices of all available services; and (3) the ability of customers to request services and make bids for those services using the site.  Moreover, the entity must file with the FERC one year after the internet site is operational, and at least three years thereafter, a report describing its activities in the relevant ancillary services markets.  The entity must also commit not to sell ancillary services at market-based rates to:  (i) regional transmission organizations ("RTOs") such as an ISO or transco, i.e., where the RTO has no ability to self-supply ancillary services but instead depends on third parties; (ii) a traditional franchised public utility affiliated with the entity, or sales where the underlying transmission is on the system of a public utility affiliated with the entity; or (iii) a public utility that is purchasing ancillary services to satisfy its own open access transmission tariff requirements to offer ancillary services to its own customers.  Id. at 61,833, note 12. services at market-based rates must be included in the market-based rate schedule filed with the FERC and address the limitations on that authority as discussed above.  For entities which have already obtained general market-based rate authority, an amendment could be filed in their underlying market-based rate dockets before the FERC seeking the authority to also sell ancillary services at market-based rates consistent with the referenced FERC precedent. Michael J. Zimmer John A. Cohen ____________________________________________________________________________ ________ E-Notes is a publication of Baker & McKenzie.  It does not constitute legal advice or a legal opinion on any specific facts or circumstances.  The contents are intended as general information only.  You are urged to consult your attorney concerning your situation and specific legal questions you may have.  For further information on the subjects discussed in E-Notes, contact Michael J. Zimmer, michael.j.zimmer@bakernet.com or Jonathan W. Gottlieb jonathan.w.gottlieb@bakernet.com. For more information about BAKER & McKENZIE, click on our business card: or visit out website at http://www.bakernet.com. 
fyi 13:04 --------------------------- Tracy Ralston@ENRON 08/05/2001 10:22 Please see below a copy of the memo re. the guidelines for the new annual events policy, that was sent to all Direct Reports on Friday 4th May. Regards, Tracy 10:26 --------------------------- Enron Europe Office of the Chairman 04/05/2001 08:51 Please respond to Fiona Grant/LON/ECT Sent by: Tracy Ralston Lynch/LON/ECT@ECT, Ted Murphy/LON/ECT@ECT, Mark Evans/Legal/LON/ECT@ECT, Mark Pickering/Enron@EUEnronXgate, Tani Nath/LON/ECT@ECT, Anne Edgley/LON/ECT@ECT, Paul Chivers/LON/ECT@ECT, John Robinson/Enron@EUEnronXgate, John Thompson/LON/ECT@ECT, Richard Lewis/LON/ECT@ECT, Bryan Seyfried/LON/ECT@ECT, Paul Mead/LON/ECT@ECT, Gregor Baumerich/LON/ECT@ECT, Adam Overfield/EU/Enron@Enron, Eric Shaw/LON/ECT@ECT, Joe Gold/LON/ECT@ECT, Matthew Scrimshaw/LON/ECT@ECT, Tom McKeever/EU/Enron@Enron, Michael Farmer/EU/Enron@ENRON, Michael J Hutchinson/EU/Enron@Enron, Paul Freeman/EU/Enron@Enron Please see attached memo regarding the guidelines for the new annual events policy. 
I bring this Minnesota bill to your attention thinking that it may be one state that we can point to as moving forward rather than backward as a response to California.  This bill would absolutely not have moved if California had not been on the radar screen--for the first time in four years, the leadership insisted that the caucuses move something out of committee on energy. WHile customer choice did not ultimately survive (it got knocked out towards the end of the committee votes), there was a general agreement by committee members that MN had to prepare for retail access, but that they needed to get the wholesale market in better shape in preparation. By the way, the enviromental community was very very confident that they were going to get a mandate for a 10% renewable portfolio standard by 2015, and they were then going to make Minnesota the poster child to promote mandated RPS across the country.  Their mandate turned into "goals" to be met by utilities, and they are not happy. Robinson/Corp/Enron@Enron, Edward D Baughman/Enron@EnronXGate, Christi L Nicolay/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeff Ader/HOU/EES@EES, Mark Bernstein/HOU/EES@EES, Marc Ulrich/HOU/EES@EES, Scott Stoness/HOU/EES@EES, Ajit Gill/HOU/EES@EES, Jeff Rudolph/HOU/EES@EES, Terri Clynes/Enron@EnronXGate, Oscar Dalton/Enron@EnronXGate Stroup/NA/Enron@Enron, Harry Kingerski/NA/Enron@Enron, Robert Frank/NA/Enron@Enron, Donald Lassere/NA/Enron@Enron, Bill J Moore/EFS/EES@EES, James D Steffes/NA/Enron@Enron, Barbara A Hueter/NA/Enron@Enron, Jennifer Thome/NA/Enron@Enron Earlier this week the Minnesota legislature passed an omnibus energy bill--SF #722.  The Governor is expected to sign the bill.  Much of the bill focused on increasing conservation, helping low income customers, setting goals for renewable energy development, setting up reliability standards (the unions had to get something!) etc.  However, there are also some sections that may be commercially beneficial to us. The bill streamlines the process for transmission siting, and to a small degree, makes generation siting a bit easier.  Interconnection standards and rules for distributed generation (defined as up to 10MW) are required and the process will begin late this summer.  The munis and coops had a section on "joint finance" that will allow them to enter into projects with other parties--this should make it easier for them to do business with us. Minnesota has approx 120 municipal utilities and over 40 co ops. There is still outstanding an issue of a personal property tax exemption for merchant plants.  That provision was transfered to the overall tax bill, which is still being debated.  We should have a conclusion on the tax bill late next week. Please call if you have any questions or would like further info. #612-339-4599 
Re: ???????Enhancing the Leadership Rick, I have prepared the attached as possibly helpful to "enhancing the leadership." I am sorry this was so long in coming - I dropped the ball on this before I took vacation ?- then discovered my error when I returned. I'll call to follow up. Thanks. 
The link to sign-up for Super Saturday is below. =20 02:59 PM --------------------------- =09Enron North America Corp. =09 =09From:  Charlene Jackson @ ENRON                           10/24/2000 09:= 20 PM =09 Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON The recruiting season has officially begun.  The first Super Saturday weeke= nd=20 is the weekend of October 27th and 28th.  We have undergone a rigorous=20 interview process on campus, which will allow us to focus on =01&selling=01= 8=20 candidates that are invited to Houston for Super Saturday.  Students will= =20 arrive on Friday afternoon and will depart on Sunday morning.  We have=20 activities planned for the entire weekend.  The goal is to implement a Supe= r=20 Saturday process that allows for consistent and meaningful hiring decisions= =20 while also allowing the candidates exposure to a greater number of Enron=20 employees.  To that end, we have made the following changes: Friday Evening Dinner.    The dinners will be held at the same restaurant. = We will provide transportation for all candidates.  We will continue to hav= e=20 small tables of six individuals that will include two (2) Enron employees a= nd=20 four (4) students.  There will be a group cocktail hour at the restaurant= =20 before the dinner.  This will enable the Enron employees to meet and evalua= te=20 more students.  It will also give the students broader exposure to Enron=20 employees. Saturday Interviews.   Interviewers will receive their interview packages= =20 (schedules and resumes) at breakfast on Saturday morning. This will=20 facilitate last minute cancellations of interviewers and/or candidates.  We= =20 have allowed time to review resumes before the interview process. To=20 facilitate the completion of the evaluation form on each student, the=20 interviewers will remain in an assigned interview room and the students wil= l=20 rotate.=20 In prior years, the interviewers have interviewed eight (8) candidates. =20 Interviewers will now interview only five (5) candidates.  The remainder of= =20 the time will be spent in the decision-making meeting. It is essential that= =20 all interviewers attend the decision-making meeting and that all evaluation= =20 forms are completed and input prior to the meeting.=20 Decision-Making Meeting.   Rather than asking the interviewers to return on= =20 Monday afternoon, we will hold the decision-making meeting on Saturday=20 following the interviews and lunch.  The meetings are scheduled from 1:30 P= M=20 to 3:30 PM and will be facilitated by members of Enron=01,s executive manag= ement=20 team.  Dave Delainey will facilitate the October 28 meeting.  Kevin Hannon,= =20 Jeff Shankman, John Lavorato, Rick Causey and Dan Leff will facilitate=20 subsequent meetings.=20 Need for interviewers.  There has been a tremendous response to the call fo= r=20 dinner participants; however, we are still in need of interviewers for each= =20 of the Super Saturdays.  Please respond with your willingness to interview= =20 at:  http://axis.enron.com/notice/ssinvite.asp   =20 (When selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who=20 attend the schools for which you are a team member). We thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program. 
08:45 AM --------------------------- Mills/HOU/ECT@ECT, Allan Severude/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Colleen Sullivan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jayant Krishnaswamy/HOU/ECT@ECT, Russell Long/HOU/ECT@ECT This meeting has been moved to 4:00 on Wed. in room 2601.  I have sent a confirmation to each of you via Lotus Notes.  Sorry for all of the changes but there was a scheduling problem with a couple of people for the original time slot. 
10:44 AM --------------------------- Chris Meyer 03/20/2001 12:54 PM Luce/Corp/Enron@Enron, Deirdre McCaffrey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Sylvia S Pollan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Whitt/NA/Enron@Enron, Julie A Gomez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Stephanie Miller/Corp/Enron@ENRON This is one of the presentations at the Williams Customer trip Bryant and I attended in KS.  It covers a proposed greenfield pipe known as Western Frontier (Cheyne Hub to WIlliam Central's Hugoton (KS) station). "Elliott, Mark" <Mark.D.Elliott@Williams.com> on 03/20/2001 10:26:23 AM SouthCentral)" <Donny.W.King@Williams.com> 
Greg Couch created the report.  He will call you. 
thanks 
03:53 PM --------------------------- Brief description: Time: Pipeline Site Mtg EB3674 06/19/2000 04:00 PM - 05:00 PM Detailed description: Invitations have been sent to: Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT, Geoff Storey/HOU/ECT, Chris Gaskill/Corp/Enron _________________________________________________________________________ Chairperson: John P Tollefsen/HOU/ECT Sent by: Terry Furches/Corp/Enron This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). 
Laura Dave Forster from Eol may be calling you.  I am trying to get the Hub online and I am having trouble because Enron does not own more than 50% of the Midwest Hub.  An EOL lawyer may have found a solution.  I have asked Dave to call you.  I wanted to give you a heads up. Thanks Hunter 
Levitan &  Associates 
Lisa and Jason should not be on our RC 12:28 PM --------------------------- Young/NA/Enron@Enron, Kimberly Brown/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lynn Pikofsky/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Airam Arteaga/HOU/ECT@ECT, Ina Rangel/HOU/ECT@ECT, Amanda Huble/NA/Enron@Enron, Venita Coleman/Corp/Enron@Enron Lagrasta/HOU/ECT@ECT, Frank W Vickers/NA/Enron@Enron, Scott Neal/HOU/ECT@ECT, Laura Luce/Corp/Enron@Enron, Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Arnold/HOU/ECT@ECT, Chris Gaskill/Corp/Enron@Enron, Julie A Gomez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Susan Helton/HOU/ECT@ECT Dear Admins, Please help!! In an effort to receive correct EPSC & EIS invoices for January, we need to ensure that Joann Holloway has correct Cost Center and location information for all employees in the various gas teams.  I am attaching a file with employees and cost centers which was used by HR to make the "mass" change to the new cost centers after the reorg.  I would appreciate each of your help in dropping in Locations for each of the persons in the cost centers you are responsible for. In addition, please check the position field for each person also, as I would like to be sure I have correct information on a go forward basis.  I will then send this file to Joann Holloway for her use in compiling invoices for January. The bad news is that she needs this quickly.  Please take the time to drop in this information and return to me by 3:00 pm on Thursday, January 11.  I know this is short notice, but if we get it correct from the beginning, it will be easier to maintain in the long run. Thanks in advance for your help!  Please let me know if you have any questions. Edie Leschber X30669 
Rain, Has Demetrion set up a meeting with you?  If not, please call him and arrange a time. Thanks 10:08 AM --------------------------- Superty/HOU/ECT@ECT, Colin Tonks/HOU/ECT@ECT The Peoples Energy Project is Currently On the Public Internet.  The version that has been released is not in its final phase. Many of the rules of the business have to be tested and changed to reflect the correct data representation.  The only way for us to do this is to have the current users who will be using the system to verify the correctness of the data.  Due to this fact, it is not recommended that this system be used for trading purposes until the portion of the system being worked on is verified to be in fact correct in its representation of the data.  It is still imperitive that  this system is viewed daily for its correctness, validation, fault tolerance and efficiency on a daily basis, for this is where we devise our metrics on the systems completeness. Currently there is a new update version of the application that resides in Chicago that delivers the data to the website. Our current contact has been sent to a training in Canada and will not be available until Jan 20, 2001.  Due to this I would like to set up a meeting to: (not ready) Status (ready for usage) 
Fred,  I now have a scanner that works (actually the scannner has always worked).  It's ME that doesn't know how to use the scanner but here's a shot at it.  This picture was taken at dinner the night before the SMU/KU game last month in Big D. Send it out if you get it OK!! Chuck ________________________________________ Betas, I heard back from Mike Arends.  He was out of town on a business/vacation trip.  He said he is leaning 60/40 to attend homecoming.  He is getting married on Nov. 11, but his fiancee is supportive of the trip.  (I wonder how long that kind of cooperation will last?) Anyway....if you want to give him a call, his number at work is:  800 225-2465 ext. 17056 BEEK 
Thank you for your e-mail.  I have taken the liberty of forwarding your information to Cindy Olson, Executive VP of HR.  You may contact Cindy directly at 713-853-7418. Thanks, Joannie Williamson Assistant to Jeff Skilling 713-345-7774 713-646-8381 (fax) joannie.williamson@enron.com "Tony Kishindo" <dewolffboberg@worldnet.att.net> on 04/02/2001 10:02:32 AM Please respond to <tony.kishindo@dewolffboberg.com> 4/2/01 Jeff Skilling CEO Enron Corporation 1400 Smith Houston, TX 77002 Dear Mr. Skilling: My name is Tony Kishindo and I am the Senior Market Analyst for DeWolff Boberg and Associates. I am approaching you with hopes of scheduling some time on your calendar for an introductory meeting between yourself and my Vice President, Scott Bein. The meeting is 45 minutes long and we are not looking for any sort of commitment or decision at this point. We realize you may not be considering the services of an outside resource, now or in the foreseeable future. We non-the-less would appreciate the privilege of meeting with you, determining the compatibility of our two firms, and earning a place in your Rolodex. Regardless of the outcome of this meeting, we sincerely appreciate your kindness and courtesy. We offer our clients guaranteed process improvement and operations cost reduction. We guarantee a 20% - 30% increase in production in as little as 8 months. The reason the results are so quick is because we are not technology peddlers, we focus in on people, equipment and materials which we have found to be any companies most valuable assets. We offer our clients a security blanket when it comes to process improvement. Please feel free to visit our home page at, www.dewolffboberg.com. Thank you for your time, I look forward to scheduling 45 minutes of your time at your nearest convenience. Sincerely, DeWolff Boberg & Associates 800 800 6030 tony.kishindo@dewolffboberg.com 
Kathy, Mr. Jeff Skilling has an Enron meeting on November 30 that will prevent his participation in the Houston Mentor Network Breakfast. Thank you, Katherine Brown Kathy Nethercutt <knethercutt@houstontech.org> on 11/17/2000 04:20:40 PM > The Houston Technology Center would like to invite you to attend the fifth > meeting of the Houston Mentor Network on Thursday, November 30th.    We > will introduce eight of our Candidate Companies. After the introductions, > the Mentors and the Candidate Companies will be allowed time to network > and to find appropriate "mentor connections." > Briar Club, 2603 Timmons from  7:00 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.  Pre-registration and pre-payment of $15.00 is required in advance (please note that no cash will be accepted at the door).  Please complete the attached registration form and return it via e-mail to Kathy Nethercutt @ knethercutt@houstontech.org or you may fax it to 713/658-1744. > AGENDA > > 7:00-7:30  Registration > 7:30-8:30  Breakfast/Introduction to Candidate Companies > 8:30-9:00  Wrap-up/Networking > > The companies that will be presenting are listed below: > >  * Knowledge Online - James Taylor > *  Cushcity.com - Gwen Daye Richardson > *  E-ceptionist - Dirk Voorhees > *  Phat Chip - Rod Endo > *  Lantel World Wide - Stephen Curry > *  Megamania - George Bogle > *  Biocyte - Jerry Cobb > *  Rotary Steerable Tools - Steve McLoughlin > > > I look forward to a great turnout! > > > Sincerely, > > Juan F. Samudio > Development Manager > For driving directions use this link: Yahoo! Driving Directions > <<http://maps.yahoo.com/py/ddResults.py>> > 
Attached is the Friday peer group reporting. DO NOT UPDATE LINKS WHEN THE FILE IS OPENED! Please call if you have any questions. Investor Relations 
Fuck, I'm writing this while I'm chewing on lunch. "Ball, Jeffrey (IB)" <jeffrey.ball@csfb.com> on 02/15/2001 10:13:55 AM Lunch today with details? Sent: Thursday, February 15, 2001 8:48 AM Indian chick is a party girl. 
I took a few days off and just got back.... Anyway, I haven't tried it without the key, but if you say it works, then I'm sure it does.  One thing I'm realizing, though, is that it's taking me way too much time to babysit this thing through multiple runs of the model even when it does work.  In order to get the full benefit of your model I want to run it a zillion times for many different combinations of parameters.  So, if you haven't guessed already, I'm wondering how hard it would be to get this thing to zip through some preset combinations of parameters and save the results without me tending to it.  I envision a spreadsheet where I list out all of the parameter values for each run, and the model picks out the parameters, runs through a year's worth of data, and saves the summary sheet, then steps to the next set of variables.  In this way I could set it to run a bunch of times over night or something so it wouldn't tie up the work day. Would this be just a separate macro?  What do you think? Mat 02/22/2001 08:01 AM Hi Mat, I took away your licence key from the back of your PC yesterday.  The problems with our network licence for the solver have gone away - I do not really understand what happened.  Try the model aand see if it works OK - runs fine on my computer now, whereas it did not run 2 weeks ago.  I suspect some sort of network problem, and IT have not been able to figure out any more likely cause. 
11:25 AM --------------------------- TIM HEIZENRADER@ECT 03/05/2001 11:06 AM Phillip: Here's a summary of our current forecast(s) for PNW hydro. Please give me a call when you have time, and I'll explain the old BiOp / new BiOp issue. Tim 
yo, i'm still coming.  saturday would be great.  I'm in the city all day and night, and the only plans i have are to go to the game sat.  I'll call you when i get a chance.  My cell phone is 832-444-7702. Looking forward to seeing you. mat Andrew Brief <andybrief@yahoo.com> on 03/08/2001 08:12:46 AM stud- when are you coming? sadly, i have  abig work weekend, but we can maneuver around it. i am on call friday and sunday. am off all day saturday and would love to meet out saturday night (after your game--nig east tourney, i assume). make sure to call me asap. 646-935-9340 page 917-389-3882 brief > > I should be good for a place to say, but I certainly > appreciate the offer. > I'm definitely still coming, though. > Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, tell > me when you're free, and we'll hang out.  You and > Jess up for dinner? > Right now, saturday night is the only night I have > plans (basketball game). > I'll be going out afterwards, though.  Just let me > know. > > Later. > > > __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail. http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/ 
Pedro, I'd like to help, but to be honest, I don't know what LPG stands for.  Is LPG a commodity? Gas pipeline? Pooling point?  Let me know, and I'll see what I can do. Mathew Smith 
Awesome dude!  I'll definitely be around.  Hey, maybe you can bring my wine (or the empty bottles which is probably more likely). Mat 
Here is a detailed description of the flight(s) you selected, along with any rules and restrictions that apply. 1415 mi 4hr 0mn New York (LGA) Depart 3:00 PM  to  Houston (IAH) Arrive 6:00 PM Flight: 1975 -- Economy/Coach Class, Snack, Boeing 737-300, 60% on time -- 1415 mi 3hr 13mn Houston (IAH) Depart 5:47 PM  to  New York (LGA) Arrive 10:00 PM Flight: 1974 
Hey, I just wanted to let you know that it's 7 pm Wednesday and I still have not received any emails from you regarding the ski trip. 
Thank you everyone for my gift card to Foley's.  I will definelty have fun using that.  You are all a great bunch to work for. Thanks again! Ina 
Post Date: April 26, 2001 Category: SHORT-TERM FIRM CAPACITY Subcategory: NWP OFFERS Notice Text: All Shippers Notification: 01-237?????? Dated April 26, 2001 TO:???? ??????? ALL SHIPPERS FROM:?? Candace C. Karpakis- (801) 584-6996 wk ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? (801) 971-5983 cellular Williams Gas Pipeline-West Northwest Pipeline Transportation SUBJECT:??????? SOLICITING ELECTRONIC BIDS FOR AVAILABLE FIRM MAINLINE TRANSPORTATION CAPACITY ON NORTHWEST'S TRANSMISSION SYSTEM Northwest has posted the following package of available firm TF-1 Large Customer transportation capacity to its Electronic Bulletin Board ("EBB") for competitive bid pursuant to the "Right-of-First- Refusal; Posting of Pipeline Capacity" provision of Northwest's Tariff, which requires availability of capacity to be posted to the EBB subject to bid.? All prearranged terms are indicated below, if applicable.? The prearranged shipper has the right to match the highest economic value at the end of the bid period.? If the prearranged shipper does not match the highest economic value, award of such capacity will be made according to Northwest's tariff. NOTE:? BIDS FOR POSTED CAPACITY WILL BE CONDUCTED ELECTRONICALLY AS CLOSED BIDS ON NORTHWEST PIPELINE'S EBB.? Please contact Candace Karpakis or your Marketing Services Representative if you encounter any problems with your EBB bid(s).? DON'T WAIT UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE TO POST YOUR BID.? Time deadlines are electronically monitored and implemented. PACKAGE "SS-1" April 19, 2001 Posting EBB OFFER # 510 RECEIPT????????????? DELIVERY????????? TOTAL?????? INITIAL PRIMARY????? PREARRANGED POINT????????????????????? POINT???????????? DTH/D??????? CONTRACT TERM?????????? OFFER Sumas?? ??????????? Reno???????????? 3,399????????? 05/01/01-05/31/01???????????? YES ????????? Min. Acceptable Bid:??? $0.03 per Dth of daily Reservation Contract Demand for ?????????????????????????????????????????????? Flexible Receipt/Delivery Point Rights Min. Acceptable Bid Vol:??????? 1 Dth/d Max. Acceptable Bid Vol:??????? 3,399 Dth/d Bid Open Date:? 04/26/01 - (4:00 pm Central Time) Bid Close Date: 04/27/01 - (4:00 pm Central Time) Award Deadline: 04/27/01 - (5:00 pm Central Time) Evergreen:????? ??????? NONE Special Terms & Cond:?? See 1, 2 and 3 Below. SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 1. The discount rate shall apply to points utilized by the original shipper entering into the transportation agreement with Northwest. 2. A shipper will be allowed to release and/or segment and release the capacity and shipper and replacement shipper may utilize any available points on Northwest's transmission system without impacting the discount for the original shipper. 3. This prearranged offer is for a reservation contract demand rate.? In addition to the Reservation Charge Bid, shipper will pay the volumetric charge, the applicable surcharges and fuel. PROCEDURE FOR BIDDING FOR AVAILABLE TRANSPORTATION CAPACITY The following guidelines will be adhered to for all posted packages of transportation capacity for electronic bid ("package or packages"): 1. Shipper must submit a separate electronic bid for each package of available transportation capacity.? Multiple electronic bid(s) can be submitted for the total available transportation capacity under the specified package OR multiple rates can be submitted each for a partial amount of available transportation capacity under the specified package.? If the same Shipper submits multiple bids, the highest present value for such package of available transportation capacity shall be considered the valid bid. All other bids from the same Shipper for the same package of transportation capacity will be discarded. 2. Northwest awards bids based on a net present value calculation.? If bid rate is ??????? less than minimum tariff rate, the following formula is utilized:? Bid Rate x ??????? FERC Interest Rate x The Maximum Bid Quantity x 365 days/100/12; or if the ??????? maximum rate is bid, the following formula is utilized:? Bid Rate x FERC Interest ??????? Rate x Maximum Bid Quantity x days bid/100. In case of a tie, each tied shipper ??????? will have the right to improve its bid by submitting an improved bid within 24 ??????? hours of the bid close time.? Such improved bid shall be faxed to (801) 584-7076 ??????? to Candace Karpakis or Patrick Aman.? If a tie still exists, such capacity shall ??????? be awarded on a prorata basis. 3. Northwest will not accept bids with a primary contract term (Term) longer than ??????? indicated for the capacity unless maximum rate is bid. INSTRUCTIONS FOR CREATING A BID FOR NORTHWEST'S FIRM CAPACITY RELEASE OFFERS 1. Select "CAPACITY RELEASE" application in Northwest Passage. 2. Select "CREATE/SUB BID FOR NWP CAP" application.? All current offers will appear. 3. Highlight the offer you are interested in by clicking the left mouse button on the offer. 4. Select the "TERMS & COND" button at the top of the screen, which is now active.? The screen will allow you to review the conditions of the offer. Close this screen when you have finished reviewing. 5. At this point you can review current bids posted for this offer by selecting the "VIEW BID" button.? Close this screen when you have finished viewing. 6. If you would like to create a bid for this offer, select "CREATE BID" button. 7. If you want to bid the maximum rate for the capacity, select the "BID MAX RATE" button. 8. Highlight the "END DATE" if you want to modify the end date of the term of your offer. 9. If you want to modify the receipt/delivery point maximum and minimum volume, highlight the receipt/delivery point section with the left mouse button and modify accordingly. Select "SAVE".? If an error appears at the button of the screen, the error will need to be corrected and the data will need to be saved again.? If successful, a message will appear indicating the bid information has saved and the bid rate must be entered.? Select "OK". 10. Select the "RATE" button.? Enter the bid rate.? Select "SAVE". You have just "CREATED" your bid for the offer.? You now need to "SUBMIT" your bid as follows: 11. Close out of all screens and return to the "CAPACITY RELEASE" menu screens. 12. To Submit or Review your bid(s), select the "REV/SUB/WDRW NWP CAP BID" button. All of your bids will appear.? Highlight the "BID IN DRAFT STATUS" that you would like to submit.? Select the "SUBMIT" button at the top of the screen to post the bid. All of your bids will appear.? If the bid has not yet been submitted, highlight the "BID IN DRAFT STATUS" that you would like to withdraw. Select the "WITHDRAW" button at the top of the screen to withdraw the bid.? After a bid has been withdrawn, you can select the "DELETE" button at the top of the screen to delete it from the screen. NOTE:? After each selection, always "REFRESH" the screen to get the latest status. Word: F\Short Term/Capacity for Bid-All 2001 April 26, 2001 01-237 Res.doc 
Here is your chance to buy or win great prizes AND benefit a great cause - March of Dimes. Online Auction Wednesday, April 25 and Thursday, April 26 Auction opens Wednesday - 9:00 a.m. and closes Thursday - 4:00 p.m. Auction items include: ? Astros suite ? "Primo" parking spot ? Astros tickets ? Dinner for two ? Massage and many more items. http://my.home.enron.com  or http://ecweb05e.enron.net/apps/auction.nsf/ High bidders will be notified on Friday, April 27. Visa, MasterCard, and American Express accepted. Raffle Drawing Buy your tickets Wednesday, April 25 and Thursday, April 26, upstairs outside of the Energizer from 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. On Friday, April 27, buy your tickets at the Big E Cafe from 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. Tickets: 1 for $5, 3 for $10, and 7 for $20 Raffle Prizes include: ? Two roundtrip Continental Airlines in the 48 contiguous states ? Compaq PA - Personal Audio Player ? Manicure and Pedicure at Urban Retreat ? Astros tickets and many more. Raffle drawing will be held on Friday, April 27 at 2:00 p.m. Winners will be notified on Friday afternoon. Don't miss this opportunity to contribute to the March of Dimes. 
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Enron Industrial Markets Metal Bulletin - Iron and Steel Awards for 2000 Pushiest Entrant: Enron, the US commodity trading company, which promised i= t=20 would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled co= il=20 via its online market place. The EIM Fundamentals Analysis group is excited to announce that Dave Allan= =20 has joined as a Director, responsible for all Forest Products lines.  He=20 comes to EIM with 20 years of experience in the Forest Products industry, o= f=20 which 14 were spent at Abitibi and 6 with Pulp and Paper Week.  Please join= =20 us in welcoming Dave. The Siebel Team (=01&The Force=018) continues to work towards program=20 implementation of its customer management system in early May, with trainin= g=20 to begin at the end of April.  Stay tuned for updates. Enron Global LNG Enron Global LNG is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a glob= al=20 wholesale LNG market.  The rising prices of natural gas in the United State= s=20 and concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for= =20 LNG in the U.S. and around the globe.   LNG has played a major role in=20 serving energy needs in many parts of the world, but its place in the U.S.= =20 energy picture has been limited. An LNG market that spans the globe can=20 supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world=01,s growing app= etite=20 for cleaner burning fuels.   Enron Global LNG sees great opportunity for=20 Enron=01,s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy= =20 market. IN THE NEWS Enron Corp. Says First-Quarter Profit Rose 20 Percent=20 Houston, April 17 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp., the largest energy trader, sa= id=20 first-quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled. Profit fro= m=20 operations rose to $406 million, or 47 cents, from $338 million, or 40 cent= s,=20 in the year-earlier period.  Enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $1.75= =20 to $1.80 a share, from its January projection of $1.70 to $1.75. First-quarter revenue surged to $50.1 billion from $13.1 billion as Enron= =20 boosted the volume of power sold in North America by 90 percent. Enron had = a=20 first-quarter gain of $19 million, or 2 cents a share, for an accounting=20 change, making net income $425 million, or 49 cents a share. There were no= =20 charges or gains in the year-earlier period. =20 WELCOME New Hires EGM - Janelle Russell,=20 EIM   - David Allan, Sylvia Carter ENA  - Sasha Divelbiss, Amy Quirsfeld, Judy Zhang, Annette Thompson, Kelly= =20 Donlevy-Lee, Grant Patterson Transfers (to or within) ENA =01) William Abler, Magdalena Cruz, Barbara Taylor, James Reyes, Marvin= =20 Carter, Angel Tamariz, Jesse Bryson EIM =01) Cassandra Dutton, Christine Sullivan, Camille Gerard, Sherri Katho= l,=20 Jennifer Watson EGM =01) Steven Batchelder LEGAL STUFF The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietar= y=20 to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only= =20 and should not be disclosed. 
Car Rental Options for Enron Travelers Rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to: National Car Rental (Primary) and  Alamo Rent-A-Car (Secondary). The intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage Enron's total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non-pricing provisions (i.e. insurance). National Car Rental, due to its service levels, availability and total value proposition, has been awarded Primary status and is recommended as the first choice for Enron travelers' needs. Alamo Rent-A-Car, a sister company to National, has been awarded a contract reflecting a Secondary status, due to its service levels, availability and low cost solutions.  Alamo is recommended as an alternative to National, where available. When you rent a vehicle in the United States, (including Puerto Rico) or Canada, the following insurance provisions are included, regardless of rate selected: 1. L/DW (Loss/Damage Waiver) - This is what is called Comprehensive or Collision on your personal auto. It covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it. 2. Liability - This covers people and property outside the rental vehicle. For both National and Alamo, the coverage is $100,000 per person, $300,000 per occurrence and $50,000 for property damage. ** IMPORTANT *** These coverages apply regardless of rate selected, as long as the following contract ID is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement.  (National -  5000838 Alamo    - #143974) preferred suppliers, it is recommended that each traveler enroll in National's and Alamo's preferred traveler programs.  National's Emerald Club membership and Alamo's Quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return.  The enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for Enron travelers.  Enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of Enron American Express T&E Cardholders.  You may also find an enrollment form on the Enron Travel Program intranet @ gss.enron.com <http://gss.enron.com/>. If you have any questions or comments, please contact Jeff Leath at 713-646-6165. 
Rob: Just wanted to check with you on the status of you review of our comments. Please call me at 713-853-3989 when convenient. carol 
Rhett: I have asked the attorney that I am working with on this to call you directly about their proposed tax rep language as well as their deletion of the language in Part 3 regarding the delivery of tax docs.  I have enclosed below the language that we currently have in the Schedule which they would not accept and I believe you have their proposed language on the tax reps. Thanks again for your help.  I just think that at this point it is easier for the tax folks to talk directly to each other. Carol 
Jason: Per my voice mail message here are some of the Swiss Re documents in the event that you can join me at 2 tomorrow. Carol Carol, here are copies of the ELRIX Website Terms and Conditions and the ELRIX Weather Derivatives Privacy Policy.  I will go ahead and set up a meeting. Thanks and take care, Brando 
Luke: I will take a look at this either tonite or in the morning.  Since the UEI Holdings Guaranty which we reference in paragraph 9 of the Amendment covered both US and Canada transactions, I don't think that we can say that it has been terminated until we sign up the Engage Canada deal.  Can you add language to the Coastal Guaranty that takes care of this instead.  I would prefer to say in paragraph 9 of the Engage US amendment that "The Guaranty of Party B dated as of May 19, 1997, heretofore delivered by UEI Holdings Inc., formerly known as Union Energy Inc. in favor of Party A as beneficiary, is hereby replaced by an executed Guaranty from Coastal Corporation, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B but only with respect to the obligations of party B under the Master Agreement that are guaranteed thereunder."  Let me know what you think. Carol St. Clair EB 3892 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Attached is the standard Coastal guaranty form we use for ISDAs.? I understand this ISDA is just for these financial instruments and not for the physical side of the business.? Please give me your comments, if any. We will split the guaranty with a Coastal guaranty for Engage US and Westcoast for Engage Canada.?? Since the new threshold is $10 million, the Coastal guaranty cap is $10 million.? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? Regards, ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? Luke <<Guaranty form ISDA-Engage.doc>> 
We have received the executed EEI Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreements for the following CPs: Sierra Power Corporation 2/28/2001 The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and through its Board of Port Commissioners-2/27/2001 Copies will be given to Legal and Credit. 
Sent: Thursday, April 12, 2001 9:16 AM Bob; Diamond, Daniel; Carter, Carl; Pacheco, Leonardo; Alatorre, Carlos; Samuels, Dave; Mandola, Teresa Dynegy Introduces Hourly Power Products to Dynegydirect; Real-Time Market Information Provides Customers With Greater Control and Efficiency HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 12, 2001--Dynegy Inc. (NYSE:DYN) has added hourly power products to Dynegydirect, the company's Internet-based, commission-free business-to-business portal and trading site for energy and communications commodities. Since trading began in November 2000, Dynegydirect has recorded more than $14 billion in notional transactions and now offers in excess of 700 products. Along with the energy and emission allowance product offerings, Dynegydirect now offers hourly power products backed by Dynegy's diversified commercial asset base. Hourly power markets for on-peak hours will initially be available at major interconnects in the Midwest. As Dynegy's generation portfolio expands throughout the country, additional North American hourly products and locations will be added to Dynegydirect. "Posting our products and services online through Dynegydirect enables our customers to execute in real-time," said Matt Schatzman, president of Energy Trading for Dynegy Inc. "This is especially important in the hourly market where trading decisions are analyzed each hour in a ten to 20 minute window." Dynegydirect provides customers with real-time access to prices for natural gas, power, natural gas liquids, coal and emission allowances in North America. Dynegy customers and new users can view Dynegydirect's features and register online by visiting www.dynegydirect.com <http://www.dynegydirect.com>. Dynegy Inc. is a leading provider of energy and communications solutions to customers in North America, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. The company's leadership position extends across the entire convergence value chain, from power generation, wholesale commercial and industrial marketing to trading of power, natural gas, coal, emission allowances, weather derivatives, broadband and the transportation, gathering and processing of natural gas liquids. 
this fact you are receiving a copy of this order modification email. Sent: Tuesday, April 17, 2001 Registration ID: 14601 Vendor Name: Enron Course name:  Wellhead to BurnerTip Class Date: Apr 24 2001 - Apr 25 2001 Location:  Houston TX Student Enrolled: JOSEPH STEPENOVITCH Dear Registrant, We have received your cancellation request.   This e-mail serves as your confirmation of the cancellation.   Please CLICK HERE for information regarding  supplier fees that may be associated with this cancellation.  If you have received this message in error or  you have questions, please contact me directly  at 800-642-3187 extension 1514. For your information we have included the cancellation policy of this class as follows: Cancellation of class must be received at least 3 business days prior to class time in order to prevent charges to your Cost Center. All "No Shows" will be charged the full cost of the course. Substitutes may be sent provided they have satisfied all course prerequisites. Order Comments: Taxes and Shipping Charges will be billed seperately when order is processed Thank you, Patricia Lopez Registration Department Project Manager, Registration VerticalNet, Inc. (713) 331 - 1514 
Car Rental Options for Enron Travelers Rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to: National Car Rental (Primary) and  Alamo Rent-A-Car (Secondary). The intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage Enron's total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non-pricing provisions (i.e. insurance). National Car Rental, due to its service levels, availability and total value proposition, has been awarded Primary status and is recommended as the first choice for Enron travelers' needs. Alamo Rent-A-Car, a sister company to National, has been awarded a contract reflecting a Secondary status, due to its service levels, availability and low cost solutions.  Alamo is recommended as an alternative to National, where available. When you rent a vehicle in the United States, (including Puerto Rico) or Canada, the following insurance provisions are included, regardless of rate selected: 1. L/DW (Loss/Damage Waiver) - This is what is called Comprehensive or Collision on your personal auto. It covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it. 2. Liability - This covers people and property outside the rental vehicle. For both National and Alamo, the coverage is $100,000 per person, $300,000 per occurrence and $50,000 for property damage. ** IMPORTANT *** These coverages apply regardless of rate selected, as long as the following contract ID is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement.  (National -  5000838 Alamo    - #143974) preferred suppliers, it is recommended that each traveler enroll in National's and Alamo's preferred traveler programs.  National's Emerald Club membership and Alamo's Quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return.  The enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for Enron travelers.  Enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of Enron American Express T&E Cardholders.  You may also find an enrollment form on the Enron Travel Program intranet @ gss.enron.com <http://gss.enron.com/>. If you have any questions or comments, please contact Jeff Leath at 713-646-6165. 
Thank you for shopping at DisneyStore.com!  As a special thank you, we're offering you 10% off your next purchase! Your Discount Coupon Code is:  WETHANKYOU Here's how to redeem your discount coupon: Before you begin shopping, be sure to log in as a registered user.  Not registered? Go to http://disney.store.go.com/DSRegistration.process?RestartFlow=t  It's free! Once you've placed items in your Shopping Cart, follow these three simple steps to redeem your coupon: 1. COPY and PASTE the coupon code into the text box on the left of your screen, then click the "Add" button.  This will add the coupon to the Promotion area of your shopping cart. 2. SELECT the promotion item by clicking on the appropriate button in the "Select" column. 3. CLICK the "Apply to Order" button. Once the promotion has been applied to your shopping cart, you may either go "Back to Shopping" or "Begin Checkout." Start shopping now and enjoy your savings at http://www.disneystore.com. Please remember -- you must SELECT and then APPLY this coupon* to your order to redeem your savings. A summary of your order appears below. If you have any questions, please contact Guest Services at guest.services@disneyonline.com or call (800) 328-0368.  To help us provide you the best service, please include your order number and billing address on all correspondence. http://www.disneystore.com/Templates/General/CSS/DSMembers.tem or click the "Order Tracking" button on our Homepage. Your current DisneyStore.com purchase reads as follows: Order Number: 1288918 E-mail Address: joe.stepenovitch@enron.com Ship To: Alyssa Peek 322 Oak Harbour Dr North Palm Beach, FL 33408 US Shipping Method: US Domestic Express Shipping Alyssa Peek 322 Oak Harbour Dr North Palm Beach, FL 33408 US Shipping Method: US Domestic Express Shipping Quantity      Item Price      Item Description 1               15.00           Cinderella Magic Mirror 1               89.00           Cinderella Princess Best Friend Doll Subtotal:  $104.00 Discount:  $9.36 Gift Wrap:  $6.95 Shipping:  $10.85 Handling:  $0.00 Sales Tax:  $6.75 Grand Total Amount:  $119.19 This confirmation reflects receipt of your purchase only.  If items are unavailable or on back order, we will notify you by e-mail. In-stock items with standard shipping should arrive within 14 days. In-stock items with express shipping should arrive in 5 days. Delivery times will be longer for international destinations. If any of your order information listed above appears incorrect, please contact us immediately.  Again, thanks for shopping at DisneyStore.com, and we look forward to the opportunity to serve you again in the near future.  Remember to take advantage of your special offers for preferred guests at http://www.disneystore.com/thankyou. Plus -- don't forget to visit http://www.disney.com today and make Disney.com your family's home on the Internet! For KIDS, it's nonstop fun, exploration, and learning. For GROWN-UPS, it's entertainment and information along with the confidence that the entire family has a trusted place online to play. DisneyStore.com Guest Services 
Wow.  I hope you said "no." >>> <Joe.Stepenovitch@enron.com> 11/28/00 02:39PM >>> Much better!!!  How are you doing? Listen to this....She left me a message yesterday and had the nerve to ask me to help with her bills!!!!  She has got to be kidding!!!!!!!!!!!!! Anyway, I'll let you know what happens tomorrow after I talk to Mr. Rustay. Have a great day and thanks for the e-mail.... -Step "Derek Leon" <dleon@bracepatt.com> on 11/28/2000 11:05:33 AM How are you doing this morning? >>> <Joe.Stepenovitch@enron.com> 11/27/00 06:53AM >>> Good Morning Derek, I just wanted to thank you for being such a good friend.  I really need someone to talk to  and you were there for me!  I 'll never forget that........  Anyway, I will call Mr. Rustay first thing this morning. Thank you again for the number. She did call me last night and I took the "HIGH" road like you said and everything you said was going to happen did.  She is not coming back here!! I'll let you know what Mr. Rustay says about my situation.  Thanks again for everything.  You truly are a great friend. -Joe Step "Derek Leon" <dleon@bracepatt.com> on 11/26/2000 09:29:55 PM Joe, This is the name and number of the attorney we talked about and the name of the person referring you (Jenn, who works with me, is George's future daughter-in-law).  Hope this helps - keep me posted buddy. D- >>> Jennifer Garnett 11/26/00 09:01PM >>> 713.940.6003 
Attached is the agreement in principle reached today between TCPL and its Stakeholders on terms TCPL is prepared to bring to the board if there is broad enough industry support. The following are the key changes from the draft distributed on Monday Feb 12. Discretionary revenue sharing  to TCPL subject to cap of $5M (from $7.5M) with higher sharing percentages by revenue class. AOS of 4% (from 2.5%) of FT demand charge paid as credit to IT invoice.  4% is approx 240 mmcfd. IT floor to be railed between 80% and 120% of FT toll but floating monthly with marginal fuel cost. There are two very controversial elements that may cause some parties to litigate.  TCPL has slipped in the severance costs for 200 employees that were laid off in Dec 2000 but technically terminated in 2001.  At $100K per employee this works out to $20 m or about one cent on the Eastern Zone toll. TCPL is also not willing to consider liquidating this year any of their 8 bcf of storage working gas and are not even conceding that the gas belongs to the shippers.  Speculation is they have arbed much of it  this winter and are trying to pocket all of the upside with no benefit to the shippers who paid for it. If TCPL proceeds with this agreement without opposition then there will be a cost of capital hearing to set the ROE and capital structure.  If they don't then there will be a lengthy rate hearing where many time consuming issues such as higher depreciation will be debated.  If TCPL proceeds with this deal in the face of litigants (from the LDCs perhaps) it is unclear which issues will be raised  or how long the hearing will take. TCPL is requesting by close of business Tuesday that we indicate whether we will either a. sign the agreement or b. neither sign nor litigate or c. litigate to NEB. I understand from discussion earlier this week with Jon McKay and Rob Milnthorp that Enron will choose Option B.  We can review on Tuesday.  If anybody wants clarification on anything let me know. Kevin "John Lee" <john_lee@transcanada.com> on 02/16/2001 03:43:56 PM <marg_seeger@transcanada.com>, John Guerriero <jguerriero@duke-energy.com>, Debbie Harris <debbie_harris@transcanada.com>, Phi Dang <PDang@gazoductqm.com>, Adam White <adam_white@transalta.com>, Albert Stortchak <stortcal@est.gov.on.ca>, Bill Wible <bill_wible@iroquois.com>, Bob Fraser <bobfraser@aec.ca>, Brian Howell <behowell@interlog.com>, Brian Ridley <bridley@hydro.mb.ca>, Brian Troicuk <troicuk@capp.ca>, Brian White <bswhite@ceg.com>, Brian Woods <brian_woods@email.mobil.com>, Cheryl Worthy <worthycg@bp.com>, Chuck Baumgart <cbaumgart@renaissance.ca>, Debbie White <debbwhit@marathoncanada.com>, Diane Cameron <diane_cameron@nexeninc.com>, Doug Holgate <doug.holgate@husky-oil.com>, Frank Brennan <frank.brennan@cgc.enbridge.com>, Gilles Favreau <favreau.gilles@hydro.qc.ca>, Ken Hadley <ken_hadley@pcp.ca>, Kevin Heal <kevin.heal@enron.com>, Kurt McKnight <kmcknight@uniongas.com>, Lisa McMahon <lisa.mcmahon@neg.pge.com>, Lyne Mercier <lmercier@gazmet.com>, Martin Imbleau <mimbleau@gazmet.com>, mike verwegen <mverwegen@uniongas.com>, Mike Stedman <mstedman@uniongas.com>, Murray Samuel <murray_samuel@transcanada.com>, Robert Agnello <ragnello@edisonmission.com>, Robert Andrews <randrews@coral-energy.com>, Peter Fournier <igua@magma.ca>, Ron Moore <ronald.moore@esso.com>, Ronald Richard <ronald.richard@mrn.gouv.qc.ca>, Shonda Day <days@epenergy.com>, Suzanne Boucher-Chen <suzanne.boucher-chen@southernenergy.com>, Vern Gorr <vgorr@saskenergy.sk.ca>, Frederic Morel <fmorel@gazmet.com>, Isabelle Quach <iquach@gazmet.com>, Robert Rowe <rob.rowe@cgc.enbridge.com>, Richard King <rking@powerbudd.com>, Dan Collins <dacollins@negm.com>, Mike Lucy <mslucy@negm.com>, Nick Schultz <schultz@capp.ca>, Howard Stephens <hstephens@hydro.mb.ca>, Brent Moen <bmoen@hydro.mb.ca>, Jeremy Slasor <jeremy.slasor@demloak.com>, Jim Fisher <jfisher@duke-energy.com>, Janet Holder <janet.holder@cgc.enbridge.com>, Rob Hemstock <rhemsto@ect.enron.com>, Aleck Dadson <adadson@ect.enron.com>, Normand Stevenson <nstevenson@gazmet.com>, Randy Fryer <rfryer@northlandpower.com>, Alan Reid <alan_reid@pcp.ca>, John MacPherson <macpher@petro-canada.ca>, Alain Lefebvre <alain.lefebvre@mrn.gouv.qc.ca>, craigl <craigl@cnrl.com>, swong <swong@northlandpower.com>, rinde_powell <rinde_powell@pcp.ca>, "ed.bruton" <ed.bruton@neg.pge.com>, lnixon <lnixon@tmvgas.com>, "jill.page" <jill.page@gov.ab.ca>, Max Feldman <max_feldman@transcanada.com>, "bernard.kramer" <bernard.kramer@mcnenergy.com>, bartlon <bartlon@epenergy.com>, sharon johnson <sharonej@telusplanet.net>, Jack Hawks <jack.hawks@neg.pge.com>, Tomasz Lange <tomasz.lange@southernenergy.com>, Frank Basham <fbasham@talisman-energy.com>, peter milne <pjmilne@telusplanet.net>, Jim Bartlett <jim_bartlett@transcanada.com>, Wendy Hanrahan <wendy_hanrahan@transcanada.com> Enclosed for your review is a Statement of Principles regarding TransCanada's Service and Pricing Settlement for 2001 and 2002, resulting from discussions that took place in 16.  We request that Parties indicate by end of business on Tuesday, February 20 whether they: oppose the terms of the Settlement when submitted to the National Energy Board for approval;  or Settlement when filed for approval with the National Energy Board. On Wednesday, February 21 we will provide you with the details of the level of support and will indicate to you whether TransCanada is prepared to process this Settlement [i.e. detailed MOU and NEB Application] on the basis of the support received. If TransCanada determines that it will process the Settlement, TransCanada will wish to issue a press release (indicating that a Settlement with a number of Parties has been reached) because a Settlement of this nature may be "material" to TransCanada shareholders. We thank all Stakeholders for their valuable input into the development of this Settlement. 
Please see the attached revision to the meeting notes.  You will see the change indicated in RED under Issue #2, Gas Daily.  We want to put this item on HOLD for now because there are more implications to this change that we need to resolve before coding begins.  The focus for now should be on putting physical positions in TDS--identifying all issues associated with it, resolve questions on where/how to get the position data, what should be filtered, design of the new screens, etc. Also, for your information--from now on we will be including Jeff Gossett and Russ Severson in our weekly meetings as I believe they can help tremendously with position reporting and how we currently get information from Sitara, CPR, ERMS & TAGG.  I will send you all an e-mail on Monday letting you know the time and place of next week's meeting.  Normally I want to hold the meetings on Wednesday afternoons; however--next week I may have to move it to Tuesday.  I will let you know first thing Monday morning.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns. 
Colleen/Geoff - Only other issue I can think of, is making sure that deals with "I" risk do not show up in V@R calculation (Only deals with M gas daily risk should be downloaded into risktrac for V@R). Geoff visited with me this morning regarding the Gas Daily Issue and I attempted to summarize this in the attached document.  If you get a chance before tomorrow's meeting, could you review this and see if I missed any major pieces?  (Just look at the First Tab that says Gas Daily, the TDS tab is nothing at this point.)  Geoff said he had talked this through with you so I thought you may recognize if I missed anything or misunderstood it.  (I also left a copy of it on his desk.)  Thanks. 
TDSDealTicker ? The Sitara deal Id will show for non EOL deals entered into Sitara TDS Position Manager ? Groups of groups are supported when defining curve groupings. ? New filters have been added to the Position Manager to allow viewing the positions associated with "Changed" & "New & Changed" Positions. When looking at the positions with the changed filter set, the net change in the position from the official PortCalc is reported. ? When viewing "New" or "All" deals in the Position Manager right-clicking the mouse over a position for a specific period provides a menu option to view the deals behind that position.  This feature is not available when viewing a roll-up desk (i.e. ALL-WEST, ALL-EAST, etc.) If you have any questions or concerns, please call Russ Severson (713) 853 -7386 
Comments: Zhiyong Wei to be added to signature lists. Timeline to include production dates - ie include UAT and production roll-out dates. Dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups (any interaction required with any group outside of Zheiyong's), these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline ( a representative can not be below Director level in the organiztion). There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team. Please re-issue today. Louise Sullivan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Beth Perlman/ENRON@enronXgate, Philippe A Bibi/ENRON@enronXgate Louise, Attached please find the inception document requested. I would greatly appreciated your comments. I will be consulting Colleen and Geoff for any necessary revision. I will be requesting signatures on Wednesday afternoon, March 21. Thanks Zhiyong Sent: Tuesday, March 13, 2001 4:24 PM Philippe A. I understand we have now finalized 90% requirements on the GTV II. Please could we pull together the format inception document this week for signature on your meeting next week with Geof and Colleen. Document to include all requirements, dependencies and timelines. I would suggest whoever is writing this spend some time with Geof this week. Please circulate to draft all listed above including me. Thanks, Louise 
Please see the attached file for the revised inception document. I would appreciate any comments. We will be working on the specification of phase 2 once this document is signed off. Thanks Zhiyong Sent: Monday, March 19, 2001 11:15 AM Philippe A. Comments: Zhiyong Wei to be added to signature lists. Timeline to include production dates - ie include UAT and production roll-out dates. Dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups (any interaction required with any group outside of Zheiyong's), these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline ( a representative can not be below Director level in the organiztion). There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team. Please re-issue today. Louise Sullivan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Beth Perlman/ENRON@enronXgate, Philippe A Bibi/ENRON@enronXgate Louise, Attached please find the inception document requested. I would greatly appreciated your comments. I will be consulting Colleen and Geoff for any necessary revision. I will be requesting signatures on Wednesday afternoon, March 21. Thanks Zhiyong Sent: Tuesday, March 13, 2001 4:24 PM Philippe A. I understand we have now finalized 90% requirements on the GTV II. Please could we pull together the format inception document this week for signature on your meeting next week with Geof and Colleen. Document to include all requirements, dependencies and timelines. I would suggest whoever is writing this spend some time with Geof this week. Please circulate to draft all listed above including me. Thanks, Louise 
purchases done as ENA.  The gas supply contract was set up to allow PGL to continue to purchase their own supply (for vendor diversity reasons I believe), but there is no reason ENA can't purchase this gas themselves (assuming that Tony's counterparties don't object to the change).  Tony will try to complete these transactions as ENA (or enovate, if necessary). Richard 
Geoff, How about 4:00 pm today? Zhiyong Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2001 8:15 AM We need to have a meeting regarding version 3. Let me know when you have time? I dont want a 10 person meeting. Just you and myself. geof 
Geof, here's the volume file. 
Thanks Sue!  Glad to be of help and look forward to a great year 2000! Fletch 
Please put this on my calendar, thanks fletch 05:05 PM --------------------------- Sent by: Kimberly Hillis/ENRON@enronXgate Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Neal/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Arnold/HOU/ECT@ECT, Thomas A Martin/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin M Presto/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Dana Davis/HOU/ECT@ECT, Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rogers Herndon/HOU/ECT@ect, Karen Buckley/ENRON@enronXgate, Chuck Ames/NA/Enron@Enron, Bilal Bajwa/NA/Enron@Enron, Russell Ballato/NA/Enron@Enron, Steve Gim/NA/Enron@Enron, Mog Heu/NA/Enron@Enron, Juan Padron/NA/Enron@Enron, Vladi Pimenov/NA/Enron@Enron, Denver Plachy/NA/Enron@Enron, Paul Schiavone/ENRON@enronXgate, Elizabeth Shim/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Matt Smith/NA/Enron@ENRON, Joseph Wagner/NA/Enron@Enron, Jason Wolfe/NA/Enron@ENRON, Virawan Yawapongsiri/NA/Enron@ENRON You are cordially invited to attend cocktails and dinner on April 10, 2001 at La Colombe d'Or restaurant located at 3410 Montrose Blvd (a map can be found at www.lacolombedor.com).  Cocktail hour will start at 7:00 pm with dinner to follow. Please note:  this dinner is for the Trading Track Program. Please RSVP to Ted Bland at extension 3-5275 before April 6, 2001. 
It was good talking to you.  If you find any opportunity over there, please let me know. 
Attached are the two files for this week's update of the Four Month Rolling Forecast. Please note that the forecast for the month of April 2001 has been added. Please let me know if you have any questions. Dan 
The name is Wallingford, McDonald, Fox and Company on SW Freeway at Buffalo Speedway. 
Please note example language for NP index under Price. KI 
Kate, I think these trades are suppose to be FPL Energy Power Marketing in Enpower. Currently they are in as Florida Power & Light. I received confirmations from FPL Energy Power Marketing. Could you please talk to Mallory about the counterparty name. Thanks! 
BLOOMBERG Mark Fischer deal 595043 Should the cp be Williams because Bloomberg shows a deal identical to this however, the cp is Williams and we do not have a deal for Williams like this deal. PREBON WEST I am missing Mike Swerzbin: Buys Duke Q2'02 SP-15 at $102 peak hrs buys Aquila May Palo Verde  at $315 AMEREX WEST I am missing: MIke Swerzbin: 1) Enron buys BP 25mw June Palo at $415 2) Enron buys Duke 25 mw Q4'02 COB $105 
I spoke with Chris, and he said this deal is in the system. He didn't know the deal number off the top of his head, but he said Constellation is aware of it. Would you like me to research further? Or does everything look okay from your end now? Let me know. Thanks, Kate Kerri Thompson@ENRON 12/22/2000 11:46 AM hey kate, if this is not taken care of, would you mind following up on it. constellation called and is inquiring on a deal that goes with deal 459996 done through prebon.  there should be another done around dec 1 with no broker, buy constellation, jan 01, 100 mw, np 15, index + 3.00.  this deal is not in the system as far as i know.  i spoke with chris mallory about this situation and i have not heard from him yet.  so that is why i am emailing you, i will be out until jan 2, and i just wanted to make sure someone follows up on it.  (i think it should be jeff richters deal, but he is out also). my contact at constellation is tom moleatt, 410-468-3620.  i am also copying stephanie on this, so she can be your contact here.  hope it is not too confusing, but chris knows about this, unless it will already be taken care of by the time you return. thanks! 
This was Stan Cocke's deal, and since he just transferred into mid-marketing from real time, he's not used to putting the confimation request into his deals. This should be confirmed; but since the deal has already flowed, I wanted to check with you before changing anything. Please let me know. Thanks, Kate This deal is coded not to be confirmed, but it flows longer than 6 days which is the criteria for creating confirmations.  Can you check with the trader, and if it should be confirmed, get a contact and let me know. Thanks! 
I am not sure if Christian got back with you on the possible timing for our legal seminar in Portland but Tim Belden is out until Friday and Christian is out until Monday.  Christian indicated to me that he was going to call you on Monday with a definitive date. The web site is now available outside the firewall.  The location is http://www.enronwest.com    Be aware that this is currently only a template site. Let me know if you need any additional information. Regards, Mike 503-464-3836 
Lisa: I noticed on Chris Hilgert's proposed schedule that closing is targeted for the week of March 20th.    I will be on vacation from March 22nd through March 26th and not very accessible.  Does it make sense to see if Sara can handle this or will this slip? Carol 
David has sent us a memo re: Procedures for Approval to trade in Australia that I think you will find helpful. David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/31/2000 01:58 AM Quilkey/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, David Forster/LON/ECT@ECT, Tana Jones@ECT, Mark Taylor@ECT, Susan Musch/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Attached are the GTCs that I have revised to address tax issues that would arise from counterparties with no Australia presence. I am content settlement provisions already covered in the documentation. I have also developed a checklist for new counterparties. Would you pass onto Chris Catt at PW for his signoff. 
fyi Williams" <Jaime.Williams@enron.com> See attachment. The information contained herein may be confidential and/or privileged. This information is intended to be reviewed only by the individual or the entity to which is addressed. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail message or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail message in error, please immediately notify the sender and return this communication to the sender. 
I concur that the proposed EOL FX trades are essentially replicating offline internal transactions. I have been out of the office for 3 days, but as far as I am concerned the position is still as previously stated: London: the principal for the London FX desk internal transactions is RMT acting through its agent EEFT (The current services agreement between ENA and EEFT will need to be amended to RMT/EEFT). I have also independently confirmed that confirms are being issued in the name of RMT. Japan: we are still in discussion with Susan Musch and Jeff Blumenthal, but in a nutshell it is looking like the principal for the Tokyo desk transactions will need to be Enron Japan Corp KK, and the transaction will then need to be backed into RMT (margin to be left in Enron japan Corp KK). I think this is pretty near to being finalised, but Susan has been in China this week. We should be able to confirm this piece Monday next. Please note that next week I am in NY Mon thru Weds, and Houston on Thurs/Fri. If you need to contact me Mon thru Weds please leave a voicemail message on 44 207 783 5326. Regards Janine Dale Neuner 25/10/2000 13:52 Thomas/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jennifer deBoisblanc Denny/HOU/ECT@ECT, Robert B Cass/HOU/ECT@ECT, Melba Lozano/HOU/ECT@ECT Janine - I have speaking with the FX desk about the status o the roll-out of the Currency Exchange products on EnronOnline, and apparently they are a little frustrated; they continue to reiterate that what they are trying to accomplish Online is the same kind of transactions that they currently do over the phone. That being the case, I asked for an example of a Confirmation of such a transaction. Attached please find a confirmation between RMT and ETRIC dated July 10, 2000. Laurel Adams of the FX documentation unit explains that Trena McFarland, a trader in the UK, regularly does non-proprietary FX transactions on the behalf of RMT. Laurel has been assured that this is appropriate, but we a re unable to locate any clear 'policy' or 'instruction' in this regard. So, we either have a situation where this issue is being handled inappropriately on the FX desk and needs to be corrected for their OTC transactions as well as EOL, or there's some loophole or other piece of information that is missing from the equation we are trying to solve for. I think it goes without saying that, whatever the case, we at EOL will follow the lead given by our Tax and Legal Departments - and I would hope that we will find a quick, AND FINAL, resolution. Dale AM --------------------------- Laurel Adams 10/24/2000 05:58 PM My short term memory is shot.... 
Hickerson's ag group, including a proposal of control procedures for compliance with ag option restrictions.  Gary was not present, but the procedures were well received by the group, who felt that they were practical and could be complied with. Attached is an outline of the presentation, including the proposed procedures.  -- Bob Robert E. Bruce Senior Counsel Enron North America Corp. T (713) 345-7780 F (713) 646-3393 robert.bruce@enron.com 
Number 2 =20 PM --------------------------- Louise Kitchen 05/19/99 12:51 PM 4=20 AM --------------------------- Louise Kitchen 05/13/99 11:24 PM Louise Kitchen 05/13/99 11:19 PM Bibi/HOU/ECT@ECT Executive Summary The work on the scoping of the project has been completed and a consultancy= =20 firm should be chosen on Monday, the plan is to have 2 companies to negotia= te=20 full terms with.  A timetable should be available mid next week for the=20 system requirements.   The terms of the contract to be concentrated on are= =20 the delivery premiums and penalties. The legal and regulatory side is fully underway on both sides of the=20 atlantic. =20 Work on the business process side of the site is under way, this includes t= he=20 integration of internet trading within the company and the management of th= e=20 side (including the administration, product management etc ) has commenced= =20 and an intial group has been put together to work on this, with the aim of= =20 creating a base plan which will be rolled out in Europe and used as a base = to=20 set up activities in the US. Initial schedule for next meeting - 2nd or 3rd June. 1. Systems & outsourcing=20 Several firms have been interviewed for the outsourcing of the project.  Th= e=20 shortlist includes several firms, at the time of writing those at the top= =20 include Agency, I-cube and US Web.  A summary of the outsourcing companies = is=20 attached.   Bearing in mind no further companies are introduced a decision= =20 may be possible immediately upon the quotation from Agency. The contract with the company will be negotiated immediately emphasizing=20 premiums for delivery and penalties for late delivery. The powerpoint presentation used in the consultancy hiring process is=20 attached for information. 2.  Systems Documentation The initial specifications have been written to outline the scope of the=20 project with a view to hiring the appropriate company and ensuring the=20 internal processes are commenced. 3.  Legal Review=20 Two legal firms have now been instructed with regard to the project. Europe - Clifford Chance are acting as Project Manager for Europe.=20 Clifford Chance have been instructed on the following areas: (i) Advice on overall website structure (text, context, content etc)=20 (ii) preparation of the initial customer documentation / registration=20 documentation (iii) specific internet trading advice for all jurisdictions (iv) co-ordinating advice of those firms utilised across all juridictions b= y=20 Enron on the physical and financial trading (to include Enron's financial= =20 regulatory advisors Slaughter & May) (v)  co-ordinate with US legal counsel on cross jurisdictional issues (such= =20 as use of US companies as Enron counterparty in the European markets). Initial meetings held with Enron commercial, legal and support teams. US - Sullivan & Cromwell have been instructed to advise for the US market= =20 primarily because of their CFTC experience.  Initial briefing meeting on th= e=20 project was held on 7th May 1999 and a follow up meeting on their initial= =20 findings of the structure is to be held on the 17th May 1999.  Sullivan &= =20 Cromwell have been instructed to review the proposed structure of the site= =20 and outline all the legal and regulatory issues surrounding the transaction= al=20 nature of the site. Sullivan & Cromwell shall  be reviewing the initial enabling documentation = as=20 produced by Clifford Chance. 4.  Business Process The first draft of the requirements for the business process requirements f= or=20 the project has been completed.   This document will form the basis of the= =20 programme to ensure integration of online trading within the organisation. = =20 David Port will be leading this effort and Dave Malley is a possibility for= =20 the US - any thoughts? The key areas that require defining of Business Processes are: 1.  Customer registration =20 2. Authorisation of new traders within Enron=20 3. Setting up new products and control over existing products 4. Transaction execution online 5. Online transaction validation -  the main business processes include=20 credit and market or position limit check. 6. Interface between online system and Gas, Power and Global Liquids books,= =20 i.e. automatic deal data transfer from Enron=20 7. Online Database into appropriate book after deal was validated online. 8. Transaction confirmation and processing by middle office/back=20 office/documentation departments. This should cover any deviations in the= =20 business processes for trades done online versus OTC trades. 9. Process of disputes handling. This process will cover disputes on whethe= r=20 the deal is done or not as well as disagreements over particular commercial= =20 terms of a done deal. 10. Documentation and Contracts 11. Master Agreements and GTCs have to be put in place for all anticipated= =20 types of transactions, commodities and countries. 12. All documents need to be translated into appropriate foreign languages. 13. Viewing by users of their own account status =01) the system should all= ow to=20 reconcile data in the Enron Online database against information in the book= s. 14. Online news publishing (System news,Trading groups new, General energy= =20 related news, Online trading help) 5.  Project Staffing Commercial   =20 Paul Goddard - interface with IT team, Paul will be working closely with th= e=20 IT team on the structure and content of the page. Elena Kapralova - Elena will be responsible for the start up of the Busines= s=20 Process part of the project and will be the co-ordinator on the european si= de=20 for the actual form and content of the product lines. Arfan Aziz - documentation co-ordination with responsbility for creating a= =20 database of counterparties for the production of registration documents for= =20 Europe. Supporting the project - Europe=20 Business Process David Port Tax   Janine Juggins Credit/Risk Control Bryan Seyfried Legal    Justin Boyd Potential support from US includes Dave Mally IT Team     Jay Webb - Project Manager 6.  Meetings next week Louise (New York on Monday, Tuesday onwards in Houston) Sullivan & Cromwell - Mark Taylor=20 Mark Palmer (introductory meeting)=20 Janine Juggins - Tax=20 Dave Mally - Support Ted Murphy - Risk Control Greg on staffing and Australia Paul Goddard will be spending the week with the IT team in Houston to assis= t=20 particularly on the contracting process. Business Process meetings to continue in London with mock up completed by I= T=20 mid week. Louise 
Attached are revised auction rules and an auction website text prepared as to the EOL Generation Capacity Products.  These represent final stage drafts -- please review them and respond with comments at your earliest opportunity, so that definitve text can be made available to the EOL programmers who will design the site.  Thanks. 
Travis, Mark, Please see below advice regarding paper swaps with Czech C/Ps.  However, this advice applies to all OTC derivatives trades whatever the underlying commodity.  We will need to keep a close eye on the new law (expected to come into force January 2001) to determine whether we will need to be separately licenced. Regards Justin London Fax System 02/08/2000 15:08 You have received a new fax from The image contains 2 page(s). 
Attached is a redraft of the three proposed points for inclusion in each of financial and physical power confirms.  Please review and advise of any further comments or thoughts. It is my understanding that it has been decided that Canada wants to negate Market Disruption concepts on the basis of changes to EUA or Pool rules.  I have also negated force majeure claims on the same basis (typically not apt in financial--however, since it could be argued I added it in the financial confirm language as well).  Question:  Would we also want to add "any other excuse of performance" to this concept?  Such language would afford a broader sweep in respect of various claims, however, (i) the sweep may be too broad in light of it covering any change in the EUA or Pool rules and (ii) ultimately, we may want some flexibility to argue other points.   Advise. Under Performance Suspension the intent is to carve out the "trade" for suspension, while leaving the other aspects of the masters/gtcs in place, such as bankruptcy and other termination events. Mary Cordially, Mary Cook Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith, 38th Floor, Legal Houston, Texas   77002-7361 (713) 345-7732 (phone) (713) 646-3490 (fax) mary.cook@enron.com 
I am on Continental Express Flight 4100 from Houston to Cincinnati My flight on Tuesday is the same as at Thanksgiving: leaving Cincinnati at 3:00. If picking me up is a problem, just let me know and I can try to rent a car. 
Attached is a list of the EnronOnline documents I am aware of.  Please let me know if there are any additional agreements that have not been included.  I have bolded those documents I am still trying to obtain copies of (and the person who might be aware of them).  If you have copies can you please provide them to me ASAP. Thanks for your help. 
Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.  I was issued a new corporate American Express card.  Same number with expiration date of  3/03.  If you need any more info, please advise.   Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.  Thank you. 
Jane, Southwest Gas shorted ENA  $16,386.19 for liquidated damages they claim occurred in November (see email below).  I have not received the support from SWG but have asked them to fax me a copy.  How would you like me to handle? Laurie AM --------------------------- "Nancy Frazier" <Nancy.Frazier@groupwise.swgas.com> on 01/03/2001 09:13:03 AM Enron incurred $16,386.19 in Liquidated Damages for the month of November.  I mailed a copy of them to your attention on 12/26.  Most of the fallouts were due to CPR and PRR which means Enron failed to perform their obligation to supply gas.  Nancy 
PM --------------------------- "Drew Cluff" <dacluff@duke-energy.com> on 03/20/2001 01:41:49 PM 12:41 PM ----- <john.hogan@mirant.com>, <dacluff@duke-energy.com> >  -----Original Message----- > From:   Hemmerly, James A. - TP4JAH > Sent:   Monday, March 19, 2001 9:22 AM > To:     Baird, Steven L. - TP6SLB > Subject:     LA Times Article > > http://www.latimes.com/business/20010318/t000023590.html > > > > Jim Hemmerly > Natural Gas Trader > Southern California Gas Company > Telephone Number (213) 244-3864 > jhemmerly@socalgas.com 
Dear Optionee: According to our records, you exercised Enron stock options on either December 27th or 28th.  When your stock options were initially exercised and processed, the income was treated as year 2001 income. We wanted to let you know that the income associated with your exercise will be reported as income in the year 2000.  Therefore, your 2000 Form W-2 will include these amounts as income. Based on this, you will receive a revised confirmation of exercise from PaineWebber.  If you reached the maximum limit for Social Security taxes for the year 2000, then the Social Security taxes that were withheld on your December 27th or 28th exercise will be refunded to you on your January 12, 2001 Enron paycheck. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Monique Blacklock at (713) 345-7885. 
Attached you will find the manual invoice to SWG which I billed today. PM --------------------------- Jane M Tholt@ECT 02/07/2001 10:28 AM I want the penalty billed and let them challenge it. 
Please see the following instructions for the new messenging board.  If you have any trouble entering into this site, please let me know.  Everyone should now be setup and ready to go. You will have to add this site to one of your favorites. The Gas Message Board application can run on both IE5.0 and IE5.5 now. Attached is the URL for user to run the application. http://gasmsgboard.dev.corp.enron.com Please feel free to forward above URL to people who like to test the application. Here is the steps they should do: 1) Launch Internet Explorer 2) Type: http://gasmsgboard.dev.corp.enron.com (or just open this email and click on above URL) 3) Users should see the messages if there is any new messages for today. If they don't see any messages, there are two reasons: Web_GasTraders Group yet. Please contact Chrysti Hardy to add their names into the group. 4) Click on "Comments" button to add messages: there will be a popup window when user clicks on "comments" button. There are two ways to send the messages after typing the messages into the text box: 5) After the message has been sent, The message will be displayed on the main window immediately, the rest people who are online will get the new message in less than 30 seconds. This time can be reduced to as less as 1 second. However, I would not recommend to reduce the time interval less than 10 second.  Because each time the browser refreshes the screen, the screen will be blink. Users don't want the screen blink every second while they read the messages. 6) All messages will be cleaned up daily at 6:00PM. If they like to clean them up later than 6:00PM, please let me know. I can reset the time. Note: Right now the application is under test environment. If they like it, I will move it into production environment soon. Let me know any feedbacks. Thanks, Fangming 
In preparation for going live with the new version of EnronOnline, please set your products to allow Price Limit Orders. You can do this by: 1) Highlighting the Product and selecting "Product Properties" 2) In the lower right hand corner, verify that the : price increments which a customer can specify) If you do not do this, customers will not be able to place Price Limit Orders on your Products If you have any questions, please call the EnronOnline Help Desk (North America: 713 853 4357,  Europe: +44 20 7783 7783, Australia/Asia: +61 2 9229 2300) Dave 
What am I suppose to do?  I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute regarding the price of crude on certain days or what?  I think this is an old del that Fred Lagrasta did. 
Just wanted to let everyone know about the changes that will be made in the upcoming week(s) to the EPNG/Blanco/Blanco meter.  Currently, Blanco is an active pool facility that is traded by the West desk.  In order to allow the Deal Confirmations group to identify which trades require special handling language in the confirm, we have all decided to create a second meter with the same data reference number in Global Facilities.  Doing this will serve three purposes.  First of all, creating a second meter on the same data reference number allows users to see two separate meters in Sitara without affecting the way that physical location is nominated to the pipe since all they receive is the data reference number.  The change will also allow the Product Controls Group to create multiple products in EOL with different pricing terms on the same physical point.  In addition, it will temporarily resolve the issue the Deal Confirmation is currently experiencing in segregating the confirmations that need special language.    I will be creating a portfolio that will include all new trades done at both BLANCO meters which will be monitored by the Deal Confirmation group.  I will make sure to contact all of you once the meter change has become effective.  When the change is completed, expect to see the following locations available for selection in Sitara. Pipe Zone  Meter   Product Description EPNG BLANCO BLANCO EP Blanco 100%; use the standard Delivery Location field and add flag "Special Handling - 2 Nomination Cycle       language". EPNG BLANCO AVGBLANCO RESTRICTED, use the standard Delivery Location field and add flag "Special Handling - Operational Constraints       language". Please call me if you have any questions. Imelda Frayre x35423 
Welcome to enerfax.com Enter Here | Free Domain Name Registration and Free Domain Name Forwarding by YourNameFree.com - Register your domain name. Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to the Yahoo! Terms of Service. 
Can anyone help me with these agency agreements? Marlene Hilliard 02:04 PM --------------------------- Marlene Hilliard 02/20/2001 10:44 AM Gay/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dan Junek/HOU/ECT@ECT, Elsa Villarreal/HOU/ECT@ECT, Daren J Farmer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kimberly S Olinger/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Heal/CAL/ECT@ECT, Judy Townsend/HOU/ECT@ECT All, I am searching for a copy of an executed agency agreements for the following contracts.  If you are in possession of the executed agency agreement or know the contact person I can retrieve the executed agency agreement, please forward the agency agreement to me or let me know the person to contact, either at Enron North America Corp. or the contact person for the shipper. I need a response ASAP. ENA agent for 1.  Kerr-McGee Corporation       01/01/2000 Venice Gathering Gathering System and TRANSCO 2.  Petsec Energy, Inc. 02/01/2000                                      Venice Gathering System, LLC 3.  Devonian Resources, Inc. 01/01/2000                                       Somerset Gas Transmission 4.  Patrick Shipley 01/01/2000                                        Somerset Gas Transmission 5.  Devon Energy Corporation 01/01/2000                                        Reliant Energy Field Services 6.  Tenaska Gas Company 10/01/2000                                        TXU Gas Distribution 7.  City of Pasadena 03/01/1998                                        Pacific Gas & Electric Company 8.  Allegheny Ludlum Corporation 07/01/1999                              Columbia Gas Transmission Corporation 9.Commonwealth Energy, Inc. 06/01/1999                                                   Norse Pipeline, LLC 10.  Columbia Energy Marketing Corporation 12/01/1999                                        TRANSCO, CGAS, and 11.  Columbia Energy Marketing Corporation 10/01/1999                                           Midcoast Interstate 12.  Crescendo Energy, LLC 10/01/2000                                          Wildhorse Energy Partners 13.  Enron Canada Corp. 01/01/2001                                       TransCanada Pipelines Limited EPMI agent for 14.  West Fork Development Company 04/01/2000                                          Midwestern Gas Marketing 15.West Fork Development Company 05/01/2000                                          Midwestern Gas Transmission 16.  Gleason Power I, L.L.C. 04/01/1999                                           ANR Pipeline Company Thanks for your assistance in this matter. Marlene Hilliard 
W E E K E N D   S Y S T E M S   A V A I L A B I L I T Y F O R May 18, 2001 5:00pm through May 21, 2001 12:00am SCHEDULED SYSTEM OUTAGES: ARDMORE DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages. AZURIX: No Scheduled Outages. EB34 DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages. EDI SERVER: No Scheduled Outages. ENRON CENTER SOUTH DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages ENRON NORTH AMERICAN LANS:  No Scheduled Outages. FIELD SERVICES:  No Scheduled Outages. INTERNET: Impact:  Internet Time:  Fri 5/18/2001 at  10:30:00 PM CT thru Fri 5/18/2001 at  11:30:00 PM CT Outage:  Upgrade IOS on ENEFW4 Environments Impacted:  Internet Purpose: The new code has bug fixes and stateful failover feature. Backout: Revert back to old IOS. Contact(s):  John Shupak          713-853-7943 MESSAGING: Impact:  Corp Notes Time:  Fri 5/18/2001 at  9:00:00 PM CT thru Sat 5/19/2001 at  1:00:00 AM CT Outage:  cNotes Server Reboots Environments Impacted:  All users on any of the mailservers listed below Purpose: Scheduled @ 2 week interval Backout: Make sure server comes up. Contact(s):  Trey Rhodes  (713) 345-7792 Impact:  EI Time:  Fri 5/18/2001 at  9:00:00 PM CT thru Sat 5/19/2001 at  1:00:00 AM CT Outage:  EI Notes Server Maintenance Environments Impacted:  EI Local/Domestic/Foreign Sites Purpose: Scheduled @ 2 week interval Backout: N/A Contact(s):  David Ricafrente    713-646-7741 MARKET DATA: Impact:  CORP Time:  Wed 5/16/2001 at  4:45:00 PM CT thru Wed 5/23/2001 at  4:45:00 PM CT London Outage:  Market Data Cable Management EB3460 Environments Impacted:  All Trading Groups Purpose: Improve computer room environment.  Perform cable management in order to comply with computer room standards. Backout: N/A Contact(s):  John Sieckman    713-345-7862 NT: No Scheduled Outages. OS/2:  No Scheduled Outages. OTHER SYSTEMS: Impact:  Corp, OTS, ETS DATE:  MAY 29, 2001/2/2001 at  5:30:00 PM Outage:  Migrate DSS Server to GTHOU-APPSQ03P Environments Impacted:  DSS users will not be able to access the old server (ENEDS01_ADAPT)after this date Purpose: The existing server is outdated, migrating to SQL 2000 provides increased functionality and conforms to database platform requirements. Backout: Contact(s):  Mary Vollmer          713-853-3381 Impact:  CORP Time:  Sat 5/19/2001 at  10:00:00 AM CT thru Sat 5/19/2001 at  4:00:00 PM CT Outage:  Moving Production Database TDSPROD Environments Impacted:  ENA Purpose: This database is being moved to give the space it is currently using to the Enpower database on that server.  The new server Refraction will also allow TDSPROD to expand as well. Backout: The old instance will be restarted and the TNSNAMES.ORA entry will be changed to point at the old instance. Contact(s):  John Jahnke    713-345-4398 Impact:  CORP Time:  Sat 5/19/2001 at  9:00:00 PM CT thru Sun 5/20/2001 at  12:00:00 AM CT Outage:  Resource addition for server moe. Environments Impacted:  Sitara, PEP, Global Purpose: Server is memory and cpu constrained. Backout: Shutdown the server and revert to old configuration. Contact(s):  Malcolm Wells    713-345-3716 SITARA:   Also see above Impact:  CORP Time:  Sat 5/19/2001 at   2:00:00 PM CT thru Sun 5/20/2001 at  12:00:00 AM CT Outage:  Resource additionto Sitara server aurora. Environments Impacted:  Sitara production Purpose: Add needed cpu and memory. Backout: Remove the newly added resources and restart under the old config. Contact(s):  Malcolm Wells    713-345-3716 SUN/OSS SYSTEM: No Scheduled Outages. TELEPHONY: No Scheduled Outages TERMINAL SERVER:  No Scheduled Outages. UNIFY: Impact:  CORP Time:  Fri 5/18/2001 at  3:00:00 PM thru Sun 5/20/2001 at  11:45:00 PM Outage:  Unify Power Production Server Maintenance Environments Impacted:  Unify Users Purpose: Infrastructure required maintenance Backout: Contact(s):  Brian Ripley          713-345-4709 SCHEDULED SYSTEM OUTAGES: Australia Impact:  CORP Time:  Sat 19-May-2001 at  10:00:00 AM Sydney thru Sat 19-May-2001 at 3:00:00 PM Sydney AM GMT (London) CT (Houston) PM PT (Portland) Outage: Sydney UPS Test & Service Environments Impacted:  Corp Sydney - all systems Purpose: Original UPS needs testing & service. Will require Server Room to be de-powered to allow maintenance. Backout: Plug equipment into unconditioned power. Contact(s):  Colin Wood    +61-416-248-353 (713) 853-1411   Enron Resolution Center Specific Help: Information Risk Management   (713) 853-5536 SAP/ISC Unify On-Call      (713) 284-3757  [Pager] Sitara On-Call     (713) 288-0101  [Pager] RUS/GOPS/GeoTools/APRS   (713) 639-9726  [Pager] OSS/UA4/TARP    (713) 285-3165  [Pager] CPR      (713) 284-4175  [Pager] EDI Support      (713) 327-3893  [Pager] EES Help Desk     (713)853-9797 OR (888)853-9797 
AM --------------------------- lamoss@duke-energy.com on 11/01/2000 08:44:48 AM that meter. Hist # is 281.424.6812. 
AM --------------------------- lamoss@duke-energy.com on 10/18/2000 02:05:54 PM Here is the message I received from my technical folks. (below in red). As you can see a lot of work is involved.  Let me know how much you would plan to nominate at this point, etc.    And can they committ to a certain, volume, etc.   Also,  have they talked to HPL about taking gas at this point. After visiting the site (M&R 71886/76886), I found the following work that would need to be done before custody transfer measurement could be performed : and run switching - and has not flow gas in over 10 years) 1. All valves will need to be inspected & overhauled work) this work) 2. Both meter tubes pulled and inspected overhauled and tubes honed) 3. All transmitter need to be replaced 4. RTU boards need to be furnished 5. New batteries ( 4 @ $ 160) 6. Two sets of orifice plates (In .50" increments through Beta range) It would take at least 1.5 months to re-work the station controls and associated valves, meter runs, and EGM.  If you need more information please let me know. 
Judt Townsend, Steve Westgate has invited you to join a meeting on the Web, using WebEx. TO JOIN THE MEETING On 5/18/2001, at 12:00PM, (GMT -04:00) Eastern Time, USA & Canada (DayLight Time), click this URL: http://enporion.webex.com/webex/e.php?AT=JE&EventID=408266&UUID=191911 The password is: keyspan FIRST TIME USERS For fully interactive meetings, including the ability to present your documents and applications, a one-time setup takes less than 10 minutes. http://enporion.webex.com/join/ Then click New User. .------------------------- MEETING SUMMARY Name: Keyspan capacity release auction training Time: 12:00PM, (GMT -04:00) Eastern Time, USA & Canada (DayLight Time) Meeting Number: 231497285 Meeting Password: keyspan Teleconference:  None Agenda: Host: Steve Westgate 1(813)8648133x8133 mailto:swestgate@enporion.com http://www.webex.com We've got to start meeting like this(TM) 
You are correct that the PRC is in Houston.... Is there a flight later than that.? 
02:47 PM --------------------------- How does this work? Julie  :-) 
Kay and Lisa are supposed to buy me a drink after work today... is there a chance you guys can come out for one or two. BT 
Fran... I did not receive the visa package last week.. Hoping it comes in today's mail as I plan on entering US on Sat. Dec. 2. BT 
Fran.... Kerri Rigsby from Associates will be contacting you regarding the Bridge Loan.  She needs a letter on file verifying that I will have these funds. We still need to decide where we are going to put this money. For right now, we should plan on me signing the promisary note by fax, and then have a cheque sent up to me in Canada so that I can consolidate with the rest of the funds required for closing. Thanks. BT 
Kim, Here's what you have to deal with at Mesa!  I'm gonna make one more run at this and she's alllllll yours.  Maybe we should meet in AZ some time in Feb., we can go see Jan, Hutchens, etc.  Does Tucson have any power shorts?  We're trying to sell a toll on LV-II and I thought they might be interested if they are short. Your Friend, Dave AM --------------------------- Jan_Kennedy@ci.mesa.az.us on 01/24/2001 07:05:50 AM I am out of the office almost all day today; however, I wanted to let you know I had a brief chat with Dave Plumb.  At this point, he does not think Enron is offering us a good deal, mostly because the  -.30 is only on the half load and not the total and originally in Deal One it was on the full load.  He did like that the$4.25 had come down to $4.14. I was set back a little by his next remark which was, "There is no hurry because I want to take this to the Utilities Committee of Council and they don't meet until next week."  I told him the numbers would change significantly if we waited until February.  Again, he replied, "Jan, I want to take this to the Utilities Committee anyway!!"  He also indicated about working within a range. So probably tomorrow, I will put the pencil to the paper and try to make something presentable for him to take to the Utilities Committee.  It will have to be in layman's terms and easy to follow numbers because these guys don't deal in this every day.  I am a little miffed that he thinks and wants to go to the Committee first.  We have never done that before.  Usually we just get a deal worked up, present it in an affirmative manner to the City Manager and he buys off on it.  So we will see.  He is the boss!! I am telling you all of this because I will probably be asking for your help to make this in a presentable manner. Talk to you later today or tomorrow for sure.  I am in the office all day Thursday. Thanks Dave, Jan 
Kim, please find attached spreadsheet of our anticipated gas usage begining in August of this year.  This plant is currently under development in simple cycle configuration and will be converted to combined cycle operation in the near future.  Its output, 48-60 MW will be sold to the State of California through the water department.  Delivery point for gas will be SDG&E city gate. Please provide 1yr, 3yr, and 5yr price indications including firm capacity. based float. The Hanover Company, 12001 North Houston Rosslyn, Houston, TX 77086, is a leader in oil field processing and compression services and is traded under stock symbol HC. Please call if you have any additional questions. Wes Beasley The Hanover Company Manager of Power Development (918) 524-6101 (918) 524-6109 fax (918) 607-7110 
Thanks Kim! I'll be reviewing your offer with my boss early next week and will be in touch. Have a good weekend. Barb Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2001 03:44 PM Barb, No problem for a July 01 start date on the gas supply we discussed this morning.  The offer would remain the same whether June is included or not. Also, we would make a reasonable best efforts to take and/or remarket your gas when the Griffith plant is down.  Of course, if we couldn't do anything with it, we would be held harmless.  Pricing would be based on a San Juan Gas Daily Index minus $.02.  If we have to designate the plant as the primary delivery point on the capacity, we wouldn't be able to flow the gas to the border on a firm basis.  We may only be able to sell it back in the basin. Give me a call if you have any questions - Thanks, Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
Mary's number 213/244-3898. C Mary, I have been unsuccessful at finding your phone number so I will try this email address I received from Kim Olinger.  I have recently moved from Enron's Portland office where I worked for Chris Foster, to Houston to re-initiate our gas marketing efforts in the west.  Chris has been turning over the gas responsibilities he retained after moving to Portland.  Could you change the Enron contact that you have in your system from Chris Foster to me?  My name is Kim Ward and my number is 713-853-0685.  Please call me with any questions you might have. Thanks, Kim Ward 
Vito: offers are running about NYMEX less $.20/MMBtu for most forward months.  That puts the fixed price about $5.50 - $5.75.  Peak Palo Verde Bids are Q3 - $520 Q4 - $190 Q1 2001 - $125 It looks like you are in the money at least through the end of the year. We have been looking at the transmission issue.  What substation would you be able to deliver to?  We can determine if transmission is available. Irrespective of availability, I still believe Salt River or APS will be the best physical bid for your energy as they can keep it in their system and avoid transmission. I would like to push forward to get ISDA swap contracts in place with BHP.  I remember losing a deal with Francis Mcalister a few years ago despite being a better offer because contracts were not in place.  Enron North America does not have an ISDA with BHP.  We could also push to get a physical electricity contract in place.  I think we have a physical gas contract. Would you like to push ahead to get contracts in place?  Let me know.  It is not too early to start the process as it typically takes a month or so to make it happen.  What would be the name of the counterparty?  You are the US subsidiary of BHP correct? C 503/464-3822 
Kim: I wonder if you can get the scoop here.  Why would Tucson sell to Phelps Dodge at a below market?  Are they doing it for jobs, etc.?  Let's discuss. C 09:24 AM --------------------------- Christopher McKey 03/29/2001 08:48 AM Sent by: Christopher McKey In case you hadn't seen this. Your thoughts? CM 17:48 --------------------------- Thomas Boettcher@ENRON 29/03/2001 16:39 Robertson/NYC/MGUSA@MGUSA 16:36 29Mar2001 TEP, Phelps Dodge Sign Long-Term Power Contract <UNS.N> TEP, Phelps Dodge Sign Long-Term Power Contract Power Co. (TEP) has signed a five-year wholesale contract to supply 60 megawatts of electricity to Phelps Dodge Energy Services. the power at all times except during the company's peak customer energy demand periods from July through September of each year. Pignatelli said the contract is an important one for both companies. "This agreement provides a comfort factor for Phelps Dodge as it plans ahead for its energy needs," Pignatelli said. "And for TEP, the contract provides a stable, profitable margin for five years and a solid boost to our financial outlook in a volatile energy market." revenues of about $30 million annually. at several of its operations outside TEP's service territory. Under the contract, TEP also can interrupt delivery of power to Phelps Dodge if the utility experiences significant loss of any electric generating resources. molybdenum mine south of Tucson is a TEP retail customer. (NYSE: UNS), and Arizona's second-largest investor-owned electric utility. (c) 2000 Business Wire For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes: [BSW] [ENR] [ELG] [LAW] [BUS] [LEN] [UNS.N] For Relevant Price Information, Double Click on one of these codes: <UNS.N> [NEWSYEAR 2000] ENDS 
Kim - A couple of thoughts regarding Charles Hinckley's email and your pending trip to San Diego: 1.  I have scoured all of United Technologies' filings and even their website.  I found exactly ZERO references to CalPeak Power, LLC.  I'm not saying that CalPeak ISN'T a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Technologies, but I find it strange that I can't find anything on CalPeak in United's filings/online info. 2.  If CalPeak is indeed a subsidiary and WILL guarantee CalPeak's obligations, then we are in great shape.  United Technologies is A+ rated, with lots of liquidity available in the form of unused lines of credit. 3.  If CalPeak will not benefit from a United Technologies guaranty, then we definitely need to see their financials/management notes. Will they send you the financials/notes before you leave for San Diego? JRW Sent: Monday, April 02, 2001 2:14 PM J. - What's your take on this?  They want to meet with me on friday in San Diego to discuss a potential deal as we were short listed on the RFP to supply gas to the Calpeak power plants.  If we can't get credit established and contracts in their hands, I don't know if we want to waste our time - or money.  Let me know what you think ASAP. Thanks, Kim "Charles Hinckley" <cch@cchinckley.com> on 04/02/2001 12:07:54 PM CalPeak Power, LLC is a project company and is now a wholly owned subisdiary of Untited Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTC).  UTC information is available at www.utc.com, and from the commercial rating services. It is not invisioned that CalPeak will benifit from an absolute gurantee from UTC; however, some credit suport mechanism will be built into the project and into the fuel supply agreements. Chuck Sent: Monday, April 02, 2001 2:39 PM > > Ann, > > I just spoke with Jay Williams from our credit department and he only needs > CalPeak's latest audited financial statements with management notes.  Any > additional information that helps us understand the company and how it is > set up will be helpful.  Sending this information overnight will probobly > be our best bet.  My address is as follows: > > 1400 Smith Street, EB3206a > Houston, TX  77002 > > Also, Jay's phone number is 713-345-3923.  Let me know if you have any > questions. > > Thanks, > > Kim > > > > > 
This "hi-profile" canditate has already interviewd with Skilling, Hannon, Echols, Fallon, Scott Yeager. Sandy Stone 33517 - EBS HR (Marla Bernard) 
Following please find the Daily EnronOnline Executive Summary. EnronOnline Executive Summary for 12/13/2000 Transaction Summary External Transactions Today	3,756 Average Daily External Transactions (30 day Trailing Avg)	4,361 EnronOnline Daily % of Entity's Total Transactions for 12/13/00	Trans	Percent Enron North America	2,942	75% Enron Europe Limited	152	32% Global Products	221	32% Enron Metals	441	21% EnronOnline Percentage of Total Corporate Transactions (30 day Trailing Avg)	55% Gross Notional Value of EnronOnline Transactions	Total MTD	36,081,188,074 LTD	315,251,605,119 Average Daily Notional Value (30 Day Trailing Avg)	3,422,966,414 Notional Revenue from Physical Flows to Date	20,901,379,076 Counterparties, Users, and Products Offered Counterparties having transacted to date	609 New Counterparties transacting for the first time today	2 Number of Products Offered Today	1,045 Average # of External Users logged on (30 day Trailing Avg)	2,995 
They do look tight.  But after a $2 drop, you'd have to expect it to pinch. Seems like, unless things really fall out of bed, this spread should widen from here.  Even if the front stays relatively unchanged. 
The enclosed research report is being sent to you from UBS PaineWebber Inc. by: Please contact your Financial Advisor directly if you have any questions or would like to discuss this material. The information contained in the attached research report is believed to be reliable, but its accuracy is not guaranteed.  UBS PaineWebber Inc., affiliated companies and/or their officers, directors, employees or stockholders may at times have a position, including an arbitrage position, in the securities described herein and may sell or buy them to or from customers.  These companies may from time to time act as a consultant to a company being reported upon. You will need the Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this document.  If you don't already have it just click on this link, http://www.adobe.com/prodindex/acrobat/readstep.html, and follow the on-screen instructions.  The Acrobat Reader is free of charge. 
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2001 9:02 AM CONFIDENTIAL: This e-mail, including its contents and attachments, if any, are confidential. If you are not the named recipient please notify the sender and immediately delete it. You may not disseminate, distribute, or forward this e-mail message or disclose its contents to anybody else. Copyright and any other intellectual property rights in its contents are the sole property of Tradespark, Inc. sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. e-mail and any attachments for viruses. We make no representation or warranty as to the absence of viruses in this e-mail or any attachments. Please note that to ensure regulatory compliance and for the protection of our customers and business, we may monitor and read e-mails sent to and from our server(s). For further important information, please see http://www.tradespark.com/full-disclaimer.html 
Attached is the Enron Americas GasTrading violation memos for  Maturity Gap Risk and VaR for June 19, 2001.  The Office of the Chairman for Enron Americas is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo, signing it and returning the hard copy to Chris Abel at 3155a, who will forward it to RAC to obtain their signature. Thank You 
This is a notification that a 5 Day Cumulative Loss ocurred for EOL Crude 24/7 Trading on June 20, 2001 in the amount of $4.7 million.  The limit established for EOL Crude is $3.75 million. No signature is required on this notification. Chris Abel x33102 
Changes: Change/addition:  Binky Davidson (assistant to Mark Muller) New residence phone:  Wade Cline New residence phone:  Elaine Rodriquez 
Please find attached the EEOS / NEPCO weekly project update for week ending May 18, 2001. If you have any questions, you can call me at (713) 646-6106. Mark 
Attached is an invitation to the Summer Picnic this Saturday, June 23 from 4:00-9:00 pm at the Regal Ranch.  Many of you may have already received this, but I wanted to extend my personal invitation to you.  This is a really fun activity, and has traditionally been one of the best opportunities to visit with our Program participants on an informal basis.  This is a family outing with lots of activities for the kids, and you can come and go as you please. Please make an effort to attend on Saturday, even if you can only join us for a little while.  Feel free to pass this invitation on to other executives in your business unit.  The Analysts and Associates tell us that this type of exposure to our business leaders helps drive excitement and enthusiasm within the Program.  Your support of events like this is incredibly valuable, and appreciated. If you can join us, please rsvp to Jackie Coleman by email, or at extension x54070. Thank you, Billy 
Please note that the Raptor I credit capacity is at $(6.2) million due mainly to Catalytica which is now a publicly traded stock.  Raptor 3 also has a negative credit capacity. 
The FIX module v1.0 is now operational and meets all the specifications as shown in the FRS.  The team would be happy to show you a demo at your convenience, perhaps early next week.  We anticipate our back office using FIX in parallel with existing systems for December 2000, and then using FIX "under fire" for January 2001 invoices. The demo uses actual data from Sempra, our largest volume natgas financial counterparty.  In about a minute, FIX is able to compare Enron data and Sempra data (received electronically as an excel spreadsheet and stored on a mini version of our Deal Database), immediately matching about 1450 of the 1500 deals.  It then helps the user to manually match those 50 deals that the primary match engine could not.  This whole process, if it were purely manual, would take more than a day.  Using excel spreadsheets (and sort functions), Enron currently spends 4 to 8 hours per month matching Sempra invoices. FIX allows the user to perform all matching in about 10 minutes. Our next deliverable is the Confirm Central module v1.0, due 1 December.  We anticipate delivering it on time, as we have with FIX. All the best, 
I will be there. Thanks, Charlie Weldon 
12:16 PM --------------------------- "Paul W Juneau" <Paul.W.Juneau@usa.dupont.com> on 01/29/2001 08:41:02 AM INTERSTING READING! 01:31 PM --------------------------- Below is a report written by Avi Nash of Goldman Sachs that was issued this morning: >                  Goldman, Sachs & Co. Investment Research > >             DuPont: Nylon and Polyester Strategy Crystallizes. > > > * > * We believe there is greater clarity now on DD's strategy in nylon & > * polyester. 1)DON'T EXPECT OUTRIGHT SALE. No buyers in polyester. Nylon > * still too close to DD's heart. 2)POLYESTER SOLUTION IS MESSY. Defacto > * partial disposition via JVs i)films w/Teijin (global), ii)All other: > * Europe/ Africa w/Sabanci, iii)American staple w/Alfa, iv)American > * filament w/Unifi, v)American intermediates, resins and all Asian: still > * looking and vi)engineered plastics: will keep. 3)NYLON: KEEPER FOR NOW, > * MOSTLY? i)Getting out of 'heavy denier' nylon industrial via JV with > * Sabanci, global. ii)Keeping the rest? 4)ISSUES. Apparel & carpet mkts > * are mature & softening near term. Competitive position eroding slowly > * with time. > * > > >         Avi Nash (New York) 1 212-902-9192  -  Investment Research > > ====================  NOTE  9:14 AM  January 23, 2001 > >                              Stk  Latest  52 Week  Mkt Cap   YTD Pr Cur >                              Rtg  Close    Range    (mm)     Change > Yield >                              ---  ------  -------  -------   ------ > ----- > E.I. duPont de Nemours        MO  42.31    64-38   43939.1   -12% > 3.3% > >                   --------------Earnings Per Share--------------- > DD (US$)           Mar     Jun     Sep     Dec      FY       CY >       2001 FY                                       2.50 >       2000 FY      0.85A   0.90A   0.51A   0.41     2.68 >       1999 FY(A)   0.66    0.78    0.59    0.56     2.59 > >                    -Abs P/E on-   -Rel P/E on--   EV/NxtFY   LT EPS >                     Cur    Nxt     Cur     Nxt     EBITDA    Growth >                    -----  -----   -----   -----   --------   ------ > DD        FY       15.8X  16.9X    0.7X    0.8X     7.10        9% > > ========================================================================== > = > A THIRD OF DUPONT'S SALES COME FROM THE OLD 'FIBERS' BACKBONE. > >                             1999          5 yr            Avg >                            sales        avg profit       margin > > Spandex                     1650           400           24.2% > Nylon (1)                   5525           480            8.7% > Polyester (1)               3000           110            3.7% > (1)Includes engg plastics and auto fibers/plastics that are reported under > the 'Performance Coatings and Polymers' segment. The above excludes > nonwovens and Kevlar/Nomax businesses since they are more 'stand alones' > with less overlap between them and nylon/polyester. > > POLYESTER, AN IMPAIRED ASSET, IS BEING DEALT WITH PIECEMEAL. The combined > value is unlikely to exceed $2 billion. We estimate $1.5 billion. > >                 Revenue        Americas        Europe          Asia >                   $ mn                        Mid East > > 1)Films           850           duPont-Teijin global joint venture > 2)Staple                         Alfa         Sabanci           ? >                   920 > 3)Filament                      Unifi         Sabanci           ? > > 4)Resin                           ?           Sabanci           ? >                   870 > 5)Intermediates                   ?           Sabanci           ? > > DuPont has a put option 5 years hence that can force Unifi to buy the > American filament assets within a predetermined price range. There is no > clear solution yet regarding Asian and US intermediates and PET resin. > They are making money at present, but are not industry-leading assets and the > value continues to erode with time. > > IMPLICATION: This asset was impaired enough that it could not be disposed > of in one swoop. It has ended up requiring multiple, painstakingly crafted > deals, each tiny for a company duPont's size. > > NYLON IS INTERTWINED WITH OTHER DIVISIONS: COMPLICATES SOLUTION. > Note the role of nylon in duPont's apparel/textile and in engineered > plastics businesses. > > End Markets        Nylon     Lycra      Polyester    Others     DD's total >                        1999 revenue $ mn                       for end mkt > > Intermediates       750       100           NA         NA           NA > Carpet              2000       0            ?          -           2000 > Industrial          625       100           NA         NA           NA > Apparel, textile    1100      1400         920        880          4300 > Engg plastics       1050       -           300        850          2200 > > Total               5525      1600         1220       1730          NA > > DUPONT'S NYLON ACTION TO-DATE HAS BEEN MINISCULE BUT IS A CLUE TO ITS > THINKING. > > - ACTION TO-DATE: partially disposed of half of the $600 mn industrial > nylon business. But this RECENT NYLON JV (DIVESTITURE) IS TINY. DuPont has > consolidated several JVs with Sabanci in a tiny part of nylon: heavy > denier industrial nylon. This was barely over $300 mn in revenue. The inclusion > of Sabanci's assets raises the revenue but net-net this is a tiny business. > DuPont is actually divesting part ownership since Sabanci's contribution > is smaller. > > - CLUES A)DuPont is reluctant to part with the bulk of the nylon business. > It doesn't seem ready to let this business go . . . yet. It may want to > unload the carpet spinning or apparel fiber business . . . but not the > associated intermediates production. > > NYLON'S WEAK LINKS ARE INDUSTRIAL (PART) AND APPAREL: THE LATTER HAS NO > EASY FIX. > > 1)IN OUR VIEW, STAYING IN APPAREL nylon will be painful. DD HAS SAID IT > WILL RELATIVELY DE-EMPHASIZE THE BUSINESS (in the long run such a strategy > is tough to implement without impairing the business . . . better to > exit). Witness what happened to the polyester chain where disposition is coming a > decade late in the minds of some . . . at little value. Meanwhile, > competitive advantage is eroding slowly. i)Maturity allows others to close > the gap. ii)Customers have gotten stronger, especially in carpet (45% of > div revenue). Several years can go buy waiting for recovery. Unfavorable > volume and raw material costs are hurting near term. Growth slowed down > some time back. Its unlikely to resume. Industry mix continues to shift > slowly towards Nylon 6 in which DD is a tiny regional player, vs Nylon 66. > Further, growth is in Asia, not a DuPont strong hold. > > 2)BACKING OUT OF APPAREL (OR CARPET) WILL BE TRICKY. (It's not even clear > DuPont is serous about this option). In any event, it will be difficult to > find buyers for just the fiber SPINNING operation, if they will need to > buy raw materials from duPont. Further, nylon does provide critical mass to > the large apparel effort, picking up cost allocations that otherwise may need > to be shouldered by Lycra! Another problem: All nylon producers seem to > want to exit the fiber spinning step . . . Solutia, Honeywell, DuPont. > Makes one wonder about the potential disposition value! > > 3)SHUTTING DOWN IS NOT AN OPTION: There is incremental profit in the > intermediate step and that would be lost. A)Apparel is nearly 25% of the > nylon polymer outlet and without it the scale of operations is hurt. > B)Apparel nylon is a very large part of duPont's apparel business, which, > after automotive, is the largest end market. > > Likewise, engineered polymers make up a large part of the nylon family > (though DD books revenue and profit for these under its coatings/polymers) > segment. Shrinking 'the rest of nylon' would hurt profitability of the > engineered plastics area. The rest of nylon picks up overhead! > > DuPont seems to be forced to keep a large chunk of nylon because of its > presence in Engineered plastics and Lycra. > > i)Lycra is largely an apparel business. The $1.65 bn Lycra has been a high > margin business. It's growth has slowed and competitive position is > slipping. Yet DD is increasing its commitment to Lycra. The problem is > that the Lycra franchise encourages a greater commitment to apparel nylon than > otherwise. Apparel nylon is 25% of the nylon div revenue. > > ii)The $2 bn engineered plastics business has nylon resin as its flagship. > This is NOT included in the nylon division. (Likewise, polyester > engineered plastic is not included in the polyester div). Part of the competitive > advantage in the plastic comes from a low cost position in raw materials, > in turn partly based on scale. > > iii)DD seems to like its nylon ingredients business. (In our view it's ok, > not a growth vehicle). The combination of the interest in Lycra, nylon > intermediates and engineered plastics means DD is forced to keep nylon > carpet (45% of div) and apparel (25%). These end markets don't make as > much money and are more vulnerable. But they provide over 60% of the outlet for > the intermediates and their sheer volume helps provide greater scale and > lower cost. > > SO THE NYLON PROBLEM IS NOT SOLVED. > 1)ROC has been poor. How will that improve? Asset monetization has been > small. 2)Growth has been low. How will that change? If anything, US > consumer spending is slowing. 3)The competitive edge is not increasing . . > it could actually be slipping just a bit as a powerful new competitor, GE, > takes shape assuming GE's acquisition of Honeywell goes through. > > Important Disclosures (code definitions attached or available upon > request) > DD         : CF, CP > > > ______________________________________________ > Goldman, Sachs & Co. > One New York Plaza | New York, NY 10004 > Tel:  212-902-9193 | Fax:  212-346-3703 > email: sandra.vizzacchero@gs.com > > Sandra Vizzacchero                   Goldman > Executive Assistant to Avi Nash      Sachs > Chemicals Equity Research Team > ______________________________________________ 
09:21 AM --------------------------- 10:02 AM --------------------------- WDBodine@aol.com on 01/25/2001 01:48:43 PM Charlie I wanted to follow up to confirm that we are still planning on a meeting for next Thursday, January 1 at your office in Houston. ?At this meeting we can discuss mPower's capabilities to model grain yields using localized weather information and how this will fit your needs for your trading group. I look forward to meeting with you. ?If you have any questions prior to our meeting, please let me know. Thank you. ? Bill Bodine mPower Specialist 970-396-9141 WDBodine@aol.com 
05/07/2001 02:39 PM --------------------------- Matthew Tezyk 05/07/2001 09:17 AM Stovall/NA/Enron@Enron, Mathew Gimble/HOU/ECT@ECT, Douglas Ottens/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Team, Late last week, we were asked to provide a fuel oil specification sheet so fuel could be scheduled for the Site at Ft. Pierce.  The issue, currently, is we have three different specifications given to us over the past few months and are unsure which is correct.  The resolution:  we are reviewing the specifications from the air permit and specifications given to us from Mitsubishi to determine the minimum requirements, for the fuel, which we must meet for the air permit and gas turbine generator.  We anticipate this review process to be complete by the middle of this week.  If there are any questions, please feel free to contact me at 68258. Thank you, Matthew Tezyk 
Mark -- Thanks very much for this information. Sent: Monday, May 14, 2001 9:44 AM I spoke with Doug Leach regarding your questions.  He has already contacted 4-5 suppliers/truckers and is ready to rock and roll when we know what spec. of No. 2 we need.  As such, they are all set to supply our requirement.  Doug reiterated his interest in looking at the long-term relationship we may want to build with a supplier.  He is particularly concerned if the plant switches to oil for a significant amount, supplying large quantities will be a logistical nightmare. He agrees that we can hedge 80-90 (if not 100%) of the commodity risk by buying the Gulf Coast contract (there is no basis traded for FL).  However, his market view is for prices to come off (they have already dropped a bit) as a result of gasoline prices cooling off. He has scheduled the test for Vandium today.  We should get results in the next several days. 
Blanca 5-7688 Chair - Louise Beer 
Over the past few weeks, we have not been receiving information from the risk management groups on a timely basis.    This memo serves to convey our deadlines to you and to reiterate deadlines for the risk management group. Our reporting is as follows (Houston time): 7:45 - posting of preliminary DPR to website (needed to be done prior to RAC 8am meeting) 7:45 - 2:00 - preparation of the violation/notification memos 2:00 - finalization of the DPR & memos In order to meet these deadlines we need the risk management departments to meet the following deadlines (Houston time): before leaving to go home (Houston): officialization of books (to ensure information is captured in VAR engine and Credit AGG) 4:00 (London):  officialization and sending of feeds to IT 7:20 (all): export of preliminary information 7:20-3:00: support on explanations of violations/notification memos 11:00 (London only): export of final information (needed at that time for Merchant Asset group) 12:00 (Houston only): export of final information Everyday at least one group misses the deadline, which is unacceptable. Please ensure deadlines are met going forward.  Remember, the DPR cannot go out until all information is received and final so one group holds up the whole process. Thank you, Shona Wilson 
Hello Stacey, Here is my friend that I told you about yesterday.  Take a look at her resume and don't hesitate to ask me any questions.  Please let me know what you think. Thanks, LaCrecia. 
Stacey, Please find attached the monthly power questions that we will discuss in our meeting on Friday. (See attached file: 2nd Quarter 2001 Power Questions.doc) Also, as Jennifer Stevenson had discussed with you in Tuesday's opening Power Trading meeting, we need to obtain the population of deals executed from 1/1/01- 4/30/01.  Please let me know when we can expect to receive this information. If you have any questions, please call me at X6-6269.  Thank you for all your help. Jennifer *******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer******************* Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer does not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.  Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. 
I'm calling you... Travis Droupy e2 Communications 972-931-7000 Ext. 262 tdroupy@e2communications.com www.e2communications.com 
Hi Stacey Here is some extra info from Scandinavia and Europe Best wishes, Juhani 
Attached is a menu, please email me your order ASAP! Thanks, "Z" 
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions. Thanks, Jennifer 
New Pictures of Will Here are Will's six month pictures! Enjoy, Deanna and Will 
As you are aware, your business unit has been selected to participate in Project GEM (Global Enron Migration) for the rollout of Windows 2000.  In preparation for this rollout, it is imperative that we gather information about your workstation and the applications you use.  To begin this data collection, we have automated the process.  In fact, your system has just been inventoried.   Once this information is received, we will be working with your local department coordinator to consolidate this information to ensure this transition is as smooth as possible. The GEM team would like to thank you for your participation.  If you have any questions, please contact Lee Steele at (713) 345-8259 
see below directions. PM --------------------------- Reves/HOU/ECT@ECT, Eddie Sera/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, lwells@wyndham.com Read the text first before the pictures. This is an advertisement out of a phone book in the US.  This was in the yellow pages..... until they realized that if you turned it upside down and covered her head and the hand holding the glass, all was not as it seemed.  The telephone company has now taken this ad out because of the content, but we found it for everyone to see.  Take a look at the first picture, but with the second picture, put your hand over her face and the glass and see what you get. The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely for the addressee. Access to this email by anyone else is unauthorized. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in the governing KPMG client engagement letter. 
Tana - With respect to assignment of the Fletcher Challenge ISDA over to Apache, I see no problems from a credit standpoint.  I do have one quick clarification on this issue, though.  The correct counterparty name is Fletcher Challenge Energy Canada Inc.  Other than that small item, I have no issues with making this assignment. Please call me if you have any questions. JRW Tanya Rohauer@ECT 01/26/2001 01:23 PM Tana Jones received a request to assign the Fletcher Challenge Canada ISDA to Apache Corporation.  As you may know, Fletcher Challenge has entered into an agreement to sell its oil & gas production operations in Canada and Argentina to Apache (and its New Zealand properties to Shell).  The deal is set to close sometime first quarter.  We need to approve the assignment of the contract.  To that end, please review Apache and determine the effect of the transaction on both companies.  Tana will forward documentation to us upon her receipt. Thanks, Tanya 
I've already got something going this Friday, how about next Friday? W. Shannan O'Shaughnessy Subsea Facilities Engineer ILX Projects, GOM DWP *:281-366-4567 *:oshaugws@bp.com Sent: Tuesday, April 24, 2001 5:12 PM Re: poker - I suggest this Friday. Let me know and I can get a couple of people from work. Jason 
http://www.cnn.com/2001/US/01/25/sawed.off.hand.ap/index.html 
> DONT COME LOOKING FOR ME IF YOU DONT LIKE MY JOKES!  :) > > What's the best form of birth control after 50? > Nudity > How many women does it take to change a light bulb? > None, they just sit there in the dark and bitch. > What do you call a smart blonde? > A golden retriever. > A brunette, a blonde, and a redhead are all in third grade. > Who has the biggest boobs? The blonde, because she's 18. > Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? > Ask your mom. > Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex? > Because they have cotton balls. > What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts? > Her navel. > What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? > A porcupine has the pricks on the outside. > What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? > "Are you sure it's mine?" > Why did OJ Simpson want to move to West Virginia? > Everyone has the same DNA. > Did you hear about the Chinese couple who had a retarded baby? > They named him Sum Ting Wong. > What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other? > A speech impediment. > What does it mean when the flag at the Post Office is flying at half mast? > They're hiring. > Did you hear about the dyslexic Rabbi? > He walks around saying "Yo." > What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? > A Pimp. > What's the difference between a Southern zoo, and a Northern zoo? > A Southern zoo has a description of the animal on the front the cage, > along with a recipe. > What's the Cuban National Anthem? > Row row row your boat. > What's the difference between a Northern fairytale and a Southern > fairytale? > A Northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time." > A Southern fairytale begins "'Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit." > > > > > > > > 
Can I call collect? 
I apologize. You are not clingy. I guess I was just concerned, b/c I don't want to repeat what happened last time. That is why I thought we, rather I, I guess, needed more space. If we start doing things together again right away, then we start dating again or we have all of the weirdness we had last time.  I don't mean to come off as having an attitude. I'm just not terribly strong. I can't switch as fast from dating to friends. It takes me a while. Meanwhile, I need space to make that adjustment. I still want to do something for your birthday, because I care about you. Just understand that it isn't that easy for me. B. P.S. Marisha might be my roommate. 
03/06/2001 01:52 PM --------------------------- Rick Bergsieker 09/09/2000 04:14 PM Coralina Rivera/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Wayne Perry/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Dan Rogers, Paul Y'Barbo/CA/Enron@Enron, masseye@arentfox.com Thanks Todd.  This is obviously an important document and I want to get something  in place asap---preferably before the next cargo of LNG.  Each cargo that comes in without this document in place weakens our position and increases our exposure if there is a problem while the ship is in port. Rick 09/07/2000 05:10 PM Rivera/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Rick Bergsieker/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Wayne Perry/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Dan Rogers, kniemann@edisonmission.com, Paul Y'Barbo, masseye@arentfox.com Gerg, As you know, I have been insisting with Jane Michalek about the Conditions Of Use agreement for some time. For one reason or another they have been putting it off. Today they told me that they want to do the agreement jointly with us, the operators of the 'Matthew' and Weismuller the tug company. She also informed me that they are in the process of finalizing those contracts and should be forwarding them to Baker & Mckinnsey next week. After that they will be in a position to sit down with us and negotiate a COU. Also, I heard from them and my contacts inside Tractabel that they should close thier deal some time next week. BR/TP 
Chris, I have reviewed your reconciliation spreadsheet and have discovered a discrepapancy  regarding the "Matthew" delivery on September 14, 2000.  It appears that a volume, other than the discharge volume, is being applied to calculate the average heating value.  My calculations show that the average heating value for this Setpember 14 delivery should be 22.47, as opposed to 22.61. Despite this one discrepancy, we match perfectly. I have attached my reconciliation spreadsheet below for your convenience.   I show that Cabot owes EcoElectrica $209,472.88. Please review and let me know if you are in agreement. Regards, Dustin Collins "Chris Skinner" <grampus@sunbeach.net> on 02/13/2001 03:04:52 PM <jmichalek@cabotlng.com> Attached herewith is the 2001 reconciliation which is in draft. Please review and let me have your comments Best regards Chris Skinner General manger Cabot Trading LNG 
Do we need to include in the orders that the arrival cargo saturation pressure not to exceed  1100mb ? ( whatever is TLNG's max. ). I believe the heel decision should wait until a few days before unloading to ensure before heel out we are sure we have a load window that will allow the extra time to cooldown again and we figure in the full cost to Enron of the cooldown LNG that would have to be purchased from OLNG. Dan Masters@ECT 03/15/2001 01:29 PM Galt/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Jim Fernie/NA/Enron@Enron, Wayne Perry/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Paul Y'Barbo/NA/Enron@Enron Please see attached voyage orders and confirm receipt. 
FYI 04/15/2001 01:03 PM --------------------------- Shubh Shrivastava 04/15/2001 02:13 PM Rogers/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Bruce Lundstrom/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT McGregor/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Robert Mathis/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Anshuman Srivastav/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT All, Please note that the attached letters to Oman LNG, Adgas & Greenfield Shipping have been faxed this afternoon (India time).  Scanned copies of the same would be forwarded tomorrow. Shubh 
Please find attached MPR #29 (incl. photos) which is in Adobe Acrobat 4.0 file format and covers project activities up to end April 2001. Regards , Gary Monk 
Thank you Paul!!! Elizabeth 05/08/2001 08:12 AM --------------------------- Attention:   ProCaribe Thank you for your interest in EnronOnline. Following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only access to EnronOnline. Please note that the Guest User ID and Guest Password are CASE SENSITIVE. Guest User ID:   GNA74823 Guest Password: JY79FX13 Please visit our web site at http://www.EnronOnline.com, and select the Register for EnronOnline link.  We look forward to receiving your completed Password Application and Registration Form so that your company may be considered for transaction access. Sincerely, Ashu Tewari EnronOnline 713-853-HELP(4357) 
The usual payment terms of PDVSA are 30 days after bill of lading.  We should pay Enron, who is our seller, 30 days after bill of lading plus monthly adjustments accordingly to market index movement.  We are better protected by paying as we did on the last cargo.  We should follow Paul's recommendations which are being discussed with Suzanne and her group. Our cash flow forecast shows that we will be short by $800M depending on the market index movements and after paying $397M of import tax, $156M of rent and $164M of property tax. Saludos Paul Y'Barbo@ENRON 05/04/2001 04:10 PM Chavarria/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Federico Haeussler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Suzanne B Clapp/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mariella Mahan/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo, we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG: 1400 MT at a Fixed Price (represents amount borrowed that went to April sales) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3 The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2, and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue. Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale? Paul Greg Curran 05/04/2001 02:45 PM Sent by: Greg Curran Curran/CA/Enron@Enron, Federico Haeussler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Paul Y'Barbo/NA/Enron@Enron, Suzanne B Clapp/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mariella Mahan/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Please explain how we will manage the price risk on this.  Remeber that we have to give 15 days worth of product with the sale of  Progas.  What are the payment terms?  How are you with cash? Miguel Maltes@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/04/2001 02:12 PM Haeussler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Paul Y'Barbo/NA/Enron@Enron, Suzanne B Clapp/HOU/ECT@ECT Our next cargo has a loading window in PDVSA on May 18, 2001, with an ETA in ProCaribe on May 19 - 21, 2001.  The cargo is for 10,000 Mts. (5.2MM gallons) at MB + 7 three days around bill of lading.  This means that the invoice will be the average price of MB on the loading day, the day before and the day after, excluding weekends and holidays, plus 7 cents a gallon. The following are the monthly sales average per customer: * Progasco  1,100,000 gallons * San Juan Gas     210,000 gallons * Centro Gas                  140,000 gallons 5/19/01. After returning all the borrowing (5/19/01) we have a balance of 3,480,233 gallons.  The following are the estimated sales and heater consumption per month: * May (12 days)    563,520 gallons (from May 20th through May 31st) * June (30 days)  1,408,800 gallons * July  (31 days)  1,455,760 gallons Inventory balance as of: 7/31/01 (52,153 gallons). Next cargo arrival delivery window July 20 - 31, 2001. Saludos 
Attached is a draft of the body of a Consent Agreement that we would like to obtain from eSpeed at the closing to enter into what we have referred to as the "Project Raptor" transactions.  Please let me know if you have any comments or questions regarding the attached. Ted Stockbridge has forward to us a revised draft of the Exclusivity Agreement with our collective comments.  We should be able to send that to you tomorrow after Andy has reviewed that markup.  I believe Chris or Anthony have discussed our remaining comments to the equity documents with Richard. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3817 Houston Texas 77002 Phone:  (713) 853-1575 Fax: (713) 646-3490 
Attached is the legal risk memo related to Enron Net Work's equity investment in, and price posting agreement with, HoustonStreet Exchange.   Please call me with any comments or questions. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3817 Houston Texas 77002 Phone:  (713) 853-1575 Fax: (713) 646-3490 
Judy xt. 30655 
John, We are in the process of preparing an invoice for the $250,000 charge for setting up your IP product. This should be sent to your attention in the next few days. If you would prefer to have it sent elsewhere within EBS, please let us know. Thanks, Dave 
E-ticket 
John, Thank you for your interest in one of my  cars. I look forward to meeting you on Saturday afternoon. Please feel free to contact me if you have any further questions. (713)875-7065 direct Sincerely, Kenneth Wright Pre-Owned Internet Sales Manager (713) 596-3891 
